https://github.com/QuinnDamerell/Baconit/archive/master.zip -O QuinnDamerell--Baconit.zip
https://github.com/framefield/tooll/archive/master.zip -O framefield--tooll.zip
https://github.com/sdrapkin/SecurityDriven.Inferno/archive/master.zip -O sdrapkin--SecurityDriven.Inferno.zip
https://github.com/jtorjo/logwizard/archive/master.zip -O jtorjo--logwizard.zip
https://github.com/dlrudie/Snip/archive/master.zip -O dlrudie--Snip.zip
https://github.com/hibernating-rhinos/rhino-esb/archive/master.zip -O hibernating-rhinos--rhino-esb.zip
https://github.com/RemoteTechnologiesGroup/RemoteTech/archive/master.zip -O RemoteTechnologiesGroup--RemoteTech.zip
https://github.com/marek-stoj/NReadability/archive/master.zip -O marek-stoj--NReadability.zip
https://github.com/davideicardi/DynamicExpresso/archive/master.zip -O davideicardi--DynamicExpresso.zip
https://github.com/jcachat/EntityFramework.DynamicFilters/archive/master.zip -O jcachat--EntityFramework.DynamicFilters.zip
https://github.com/jehugaleahsa/mustache-sharp/archive/master.zip -O jehugaleahsa--mustache-sharp.zip
https://github.com/rickyah/ini-parser/archive/master.zip -O rickyah--ini-parser.zip
https://github.com/speps/XInputDotNet/archive/master.zip -O speps--XInputDotNet.zip
https://github.com/YAFNET/YAFNET/archive/master.zip -O YAFNET--YAFNET.zip
https://github.com/owin/museum-piece-owin/archive/master.zip -O owin--museum-piece-owin.zip
https://github.com/aestheticinteractive/Hover-UI-Kit/archive/master.zip -O aestheticinteractive--Hover-UI-Kit.zip
https://github.com/MikaelEliasson/EntityFramework.Utilities/archive/master.zip -O MikaelEliasson--EntityFramework.Utilities.zip
https://github.com/riteshrao/ncommon/archive/master.zip -O riteshrao--ncommon.zip
https://github.com/T4MVC/T4MVC/archive/master.zip -O T4MVC--T4MVC.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/HttpAbstractions/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--HttpAbstractions.zip
https://github.com/danesparza/MailChimp.NET/archive/master.zip -O danesparza--MailChimp.NET.zip
https://github.com/Excel-DNA/ExcelDna/archive/master.zip -O Excel-DNA--ExcelDna.zip
https://github.com/vandernorth/NecroBot.GUI/archive/master.zip -O vandernorth--NecroBot.GUI.zip
https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn-project-system/archive/master.zip -O dotnet--roslyn-project-system.zip
https://github.com/dkozar/edriven/archive/master.zip -O dkozar--edriven.zip
https://github.com/danielpalme/ReportGenerator/archive/master.zip -O danielpalme--ReportGenerator.zip
https://github.com/SparkDevNetwork/Rock/archive/master.zip -O SparkDevNetwork--Rock.zip
https://github.com/FTPbox/FTPbox/archive/master.zip -O FTPbox--FTPbox.zip
https://github.com/EWSoftware/VSSpellChecker/archive/master.zip -O EWSoftware--VSSpellChecker.zip
https://github.com/BudgetFirst/BudgetFirst/archive/master.zip -O BudgetFirst--BudgetFirst.zip
https://github.com/stanzhai/Html2Article/archive/master.zip -O stanzhai--Html2Article.zip
https://github.com/craiggwilson/fluent-mongo/archive/master.zip -O craiggwilson--fluent-mongo.zip
https://github.com/iolevel/peachpie/archive/master.zip -O iolevel--peachpie.zip
https://github.com/nicholaspei/OrchardNoCMS/archive/master.zip -O nicholaspei--OrchardNoCMS.zip
https://github.com/sapiens/SqlFu/archive/master.zip -O sapiens--SqlFu.zip
https://github.com/WebApiContrib/WebAPIContrib.Core/archive/master.zip -O WebApiContrib--WebAPIContrib.Core.zip
https://github.com/hazzik/DelegateDecompiler/archive/master.zip -O hazzik--DelegateDecompiler.zip
https://github.com/brakmic/OpenCV/archive/master.zip -O brakmic--OpenCV.zip
https://github.com/madskristensen/WebCompiler/archive/master.zip -O madskristensen--WebCompiler.zip
https://github.com/SimpleBrowserDotNet/SimpleBrowser/archive/master.zip -O SimpleBrowserDotNet--SimpleBrowser.zip
https://github.com/ishani/ClangVSx/archive/master.zip -O ishani--ClangVSx.zip
https://github.com/lei-zhu/SimpleCrawler/archive/master.zip -O lei-zhu--SimpleCrawler.zip
https://github.com/activescott/lessmsi/archive/master.zip -O activescott--lessmsi.zip
https://github.com/PhannGor/unity3d-rainbow-folders/archive/master.zip -O PhannGor--unity3d-rainbow-folders.zip
https://github.com/JakeGinnivan/WebApi.Hal/archive/master.zip -O JakeGinnivan--WebApi.Hal.zip
https://github.com/manojlds/cmd/archive/master.zip -O manojlds--cmd.zip
https://github.com/Stickymaddness/Procurement/archive/master.zip -O Stickymaddness--Procurement.zip
https://github.com/dajuric/dot-imaging/archive/master.zip -O dajuric--dot-imaging.zip
https://github.com/MediaPortal/MediaPortal-1/archive/master.zip -O MediaPortal--MediaPortal-1.zip
https://github.com/dajuric/accord-net-extensions/archive/master.zip -O dajuric--accord-net-extensions.zip
https://github.com/migueldeicaza/TweetStation/archive/master.zip -O migueldeicaza--TweetStation.zip
https://github.com/PlayFab/consuldotnet/archive/master.zip -O PlayFab--consuldotnet.zip
https://github.com/mgp25/Chat-API-NET/archive/master.zip -O mgp25--Chat-API-NET.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/Routing/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--Routing.zip
https://github.com/jrowberg/bglib/archive/master.zip -O jrowberg--bglib.zip
https://github.com/yingDev/WGestures/archive/master.zip -O yingDev--WGestures.zip
https://github.com/NetTopologySuite/NetTopologySuite/archive/master.zip -O NetTopologySuite--NetTopologySuite.zip
https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn-analyzers/archive/master.zip -O dotnet--roslyn-analyzers.zip
https://github.com/LiamMorrow/Visual-Studio-Power-Mode/archive/master.zip -O LiamMorrow--Visual-Studio-Power-Mode.zip
https://github.com/tjoudeh/JWTAspNetWebApi/archive/master.zip -O tjoudeh--JWTAspNetWebApi.zip
https://github.com/imkira/unity-sysfont/archive/master.zip -O imkira--unity-sysfont.zip
https://github.com/fluentcassandra/fluentcassandra/archive/master.zip -O fluentcassandra--fluentcassandra.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/Microsoft.Data.Sqlite/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.zip
https://github.com/fpanettieri/unity-socket.io-DEPRECATED/archive/master.zip -O fpanettieri--unity-socket.io-DEPRECATED.zip
https://github.com/Coevery/Coevery/archive/master.zip -O Coevery--Coevery.zip
https://github.com/paf31/initialround/archive/master.zip -O paf31--initialround.zip
https://github.com/waynebaby/MVVM-Sidekick/archive/master.zip -O waynebaby--MVVM-Sidekick.zip
https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/archive/master.zip -O AzureAD--azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet.zip
https://github.com/xamarin/app-crm/archive/master.zip -O xamarin--app-crm.zip
https://github.com/aluxnimm/outlookcaldavsynchronizer/archive/master.zip -O aluxnimm--outlookcaldavsynchronizer.zip
https://github.com/SnpM/LockstepFramework/archive/master.zip -O SnpM--LockstepFramework.zip
https://github.com/xyzzer/WinRTXamlToolkit/archive/master.zip -O xyzzer--WinRTXamlToolkit.zip
https://github.com/AntShares/AntShares/archive/master.zip -O AntShares--AntShares.zip
https://github.com/Necrobot-Private/NecroBot/archive/master.zip -O Necrobot-Private--NecroBot.zip
https://github.com/xljiulang/NetworkSocket/archive/master.zip -O xljiulang--NetworkSocket.zip
https://github.com/tamasflamich/effort/archive/master.zip -O tamasflamich--effort.zip
https://github.com/HearthstoneTracker/HearthstoneTracker/archive/master.zip -O HearthstoneTracker--HearthstoneTracker.zip
https://github.com/dillenmeister/Trello.NET/archive/master.zip -O dillenmeister--Trello.NET.zip
https://github.com/SteamRE/open-steamworks/archive/master.zip -O SteamRE--open-steamworks.zip
https://github.com/davidebbo/WebActivator/archive/master.zip -O davidebbo--WebActivator.zip
https://github.com/pvginkel/PdfiumViewer/archive/master.zip -O pvginkel--PdfiumViewer.zip
https://github.com/approvals/ApprovalTests.Net/archive/master.zip -O approvals--ApprovalTests.Net.zip
https://github.com/Sebazzz/SDammann.WebApi.Versioning/archive/master.zip -O Sebazzz--SDammann.WebApi.Versioning.zip
https://github.com/WordDocX/DocX/archive/master.zip -O WordDocX--DocX.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/Configuration/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--Configuration.zip
https://github.com/couchbase/couchbase-net-client/archive/master.zip -O couchbase--couchbase-net-client.zip
https://github.com/hmemcpy/AgentMulder/archive/master.zip -O hmemcpy--AgentMulder.zip
https://github.com/OfficeDev/PnP-PowerShell/archive/master.zip -O OfficeDev--PnP-PowerShell.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/RoslynClrHeapAllocationAnalyzer/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--RoslynClrHeapAllocationAnalyzer.zip
https://github.com/dnewcome/Node.net/archive/master.zip -O dnewcome--Node.net.zip
https://github.com/emreeren/SambaPOS-3/archive/master.zip -O emreeren--SambaPOS-3.zip
https://github.com/MyToolkit/MyToolkit/archive/master.zip -O MyToolkit--MyToolkit.zip
https://github.com/wudixiaop/ShaderlabVS/archive/master.zip -O wudixiaop--ShaderlabVS.zip
https://github.com/manicdigger/manicdigger/archive/master.zip -O manicdigger--manicdigger.zip
https://github.com/philiplaureano/LinFu/archive/master.zip -O philiplaureano--LinFu.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/Docker-PowerShell/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--Docker-PowerShell.zip
https://github.com/mikelovesrobots/unity3d-console/archive/master.zip -O mikelovesrobots--unity3d-console.zip
https://github.com/Busta117/SQLiteUnityKit/archive/master.zip -O Busta117--SQLiteUnityKit.zip
https://github.com/Redth/FlamedTVLauncher/archive/master.zip -O Redth--FlamedTVLauncher.zip
https://github.com/unosquare/passcore/archive/master.zip -O unosquare--passcore.zip
https://github.com/dotnet/corefx/archive/master.zip -O dotnet--corefx.zip
https://github.com/dotnet/coreclr/archive/master.zip -O dotnet--coreclr.zip
https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/archive/master.zip -O dotnet--roslyn.zip
https://github.com/thedillonb/CodeHub/archive/master.zip -O thedillonb--CodeHub.zip
https://github.com/mxgmn/WaveFunctionCollapse/archive/master.zip -O mxgmn--WaveFunctionCollapse.zip
https://github.com/SignalR/SignalR/archive/master.zip -O SignalR--SignalR.zip
https://github.com/shadowsocks/shadowsocks-windows/archive/master.zip -O shadowsocks--shadowsocks-windows.zip
https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/archive/master.zip -O PowerShell--PowerShell.zip
https://github.com/StackExchange/dapper-dot-net/archive/master.zip -O StackExchange--dapper-dot-net.zip
https://github.com/mono/mono/archive/master.zip -O mono--mono.zip
https://github.com/NancyFx/Nancy/archive/master.zip -O NancyFx--Nancy.zip
https://github.com/ShareX/ShareX/archive/master.zip -O ShareX--ShareX.zip
https://github.com/Wox-launcher/Wox/archive/master.zip -O Wox-launcher--Wox.zip
https://github.com/AutoMapper/AutoMapper/archive/master.zip -O AutoMapper--AutoMapper.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/EntityFramework/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--EntityFramework.zip
https://github.com/MonoGame/MonoGame/archive/master.zip -O MonoGame--MonoGame.zip
https://github.com/restsharp/RestSharp/archive/master.zip -O restsharp--RestSharp.zip
https://github.com/hbons/SparkleShare/archive/master.zip -O hbons--SparkleShare.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/Mvc/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--Mvc.zip
https://github.com/ServiceStack/ServiceStack/archive/master.zip -O ServiceStack--ServiceStack.zip
https://github.com/JamesNK/Newtonsoft.Json/archive/master.zip -O JamesNK--Newtonsoft.Json.zip
https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/archive/master.zip -O OpenRA--OpenRA.zip
https://github.com/Redth/PushSharp/archive/master.zip -O Redth--PushSharp.zip
https://github.com/brandonlw/Psychson/archive/master.zip -O brandonlw--Psychson.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/BotBuilder/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--BotBuilder.zip
https://github.com/icsharpcode/ILSpy/archive/master.zip -O icsharpcode--ILSpy.zip
https://github.com/MahApps/MahApps.Metro/archive/master.zip -O MahApps--MahApps.Metro.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/msbuild/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--msbuild.zip
https://github.com/opserver/Opserver/archive/master.zip -O opserver--Opserver.zip
https://github.com/reactiveui/ReactiveUI/archive/master.zip -O reactiveui--ReactiveUI.zip
https://github.com/01org/acat/archive/master.zip -O 01org--acat.zip
https://github.com/cefsharp/CefSharp/archive/master.zip -O cefsharp--CefSharp.zip
https://github.com/HearthSim/Hearthstone-Deck-Tracker/archive/master.zip -O HearthSim--Hearthstone-Deck-Tracker.zip
https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/archive/master.zip -O chocolatey--choco.zip
https://github.com/OptiKey/OptiKey/archive/master.zip -O OptiKey--OptiKey.zip
https://github.com/dotnet/orleans/archive/master.zip -O dotnet--orleans.zip
https://github.com/Humanizr/Humanizer/archive/master.zip -O Humanizr--Humanizer.zip
https://github.com/KeenSoftwareHouse/SpaceEngineers/archive/master.zip -O KeenSoftwareHouse--SpaceEngineers.zip
https://github.com/jaredpar/VsVim/archive/master.zip -O jaredpar--VsVim.zip
https://github.com/HangfireIO/Hangfire/archive/master.zip -O HangfireIO--Hangfire.zip
https://github.com/ButchersBoy/MaterialDesignInXamlToolkit/archive/master.zip -O ButchersBoy--MaterialDesignInXamlToolkit.zip
https://github.com/akkadotnet/akka.net/archive/master.zip -O akkadotnet--akka.net.zip
https://github.com/aspnetboilerplate/aspnetboilerplate/archive/master.zip -O aspnetboilerplate--aspnetboilerplate.zip
https://github.com/NLog/NLog/archive/master.zip -O NLog--NLog.zip
https://github.com/OpenLiveWriter/OpenLiveWriter/archive/master.zip -O OpenLiveWriter--OpenLiveWriter.zip
https://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions/archive/master.zip -O gitextensions--gitextensions.zip
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/openvr/archive/master.zip -O ValveSoftware--openvr.zip
https://github.com/Glimpse/Glimpse/archive/master.zip -O Glimpse--Glimpse.zip
https://github.com/AvaloniaUI/Avalonia/archive/master.zip -O AvaloniaUI--Avalonia.zip
https://github.com/Sonarr/Sonarr/archive/master.zip -O Sonarr--Sonarr.zip
https://github.com/App-vNext/Polly/archive/master.zip -O App-vNext--Polly.zip
https://github.com/JeremySkinner/FluentValidation/archive/master.zip -O JeremySkinner--FluentValidation.zip
https://github.com/MvvmCross/MvvmCross/archive/master.zip -O MvvmCross--MvvmCross.zip
https://github.com/StackExchange/StackExchange.Redis/archive/master.zip -O StackExchange--StackExchange.Redis.zip
https://github.com/EventStore/EventStore/archive/master.zip -O EventStore--EventStore.zip
https://github.com/mono/monodevelop/archive/master.zip -O mono--monodevelop.zip
https://github.com/IdentityServer/IdentityServer3/archive/master.zip -O IdentityServer--IdentityServer3.zip
https://github.com/scriptcs/scriptcs/archive/master.zip -O scriptcs--scriptcs.zip
https://github.com/Nummer/Destroy-Windows-10-Spying/archive/master.zip -O Nummer--Destroy-Windows-10-Spying.zip
https://github.com/Topshelf/Topshelf/archive/master.zip -O Topshelf--Topshelf.zip
https://github.com/ninject/Ninject/archive/master.zip -O ninject--Ninject.zip
https://github.com/ravendb/ravendb/archive/master.zip -O ravendb--ravendb.zip
https://github.com/FransBouma/Massive/archive/master.zip -O FransBouma--Massive.zip
https://github.com/dotnet/cli/archive/master.zip -O dotnet--cli.zip
https://github.com/quartznet/quartznet/archive/master.zip -O quartznet--quartznet.zip
https://github.com/SonyWWS/ATF/archive/master.zip -O SonyWWS--ATF.zip
https://github.com/moq/moq4/archive/master.zip -O moq--moq4.zip
https://github.com/TheBerkin/Rant/archive/master.zip -O TheBerkin--Rant.zip
https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-csharp-driver/archive/master.zip -O mongodb--mongo-csharp-driver.zip
https://github.com/JeffreySu/WeiXinMPSDK/archive/master.zip -O JeffreySu--WeiXinMPSDK.zip
https://github.com/JimBobSquarePants/ImageProcessor/archive/master.zip -O JimBobSquarePants--ImageProcessor.zip
https://github.com/projectkudu/kudu/archive/master.zip -O projectkudu--kudu.zip
https://github.com/playgameservices/play-games-plugin-for-unity/archive/master.zip -O playgameservices--play-games-plugin-for-unity.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/nodejstools/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--nodejstools.zip
https://github.com/PerfDotNet/BenchmarkDotNet/archive/master.zip -O PerfDotNet--BenchmarkDotNet.zip
https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/Rx.NET/archive/master.zip -O Reactive-Extensions--Rx.NET.zip
https://github.com/rabbitmq/rabbitmq-tutorials/archive/master.zip -O rabbitmq--rabbitmq-tutorials.zip
https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco-CMS/archive/master.zip -O umbraco--Umbraco-CMS.zip
https://github.com/OneGet/oneget/archive/master.zip -O OneGet--oneget.zip
https://github.com/kevin-montrose/Jil/archive/master.zip -O kevin-montrose--Jil.zip
https://github.com/domaindrivendev/Swashbuckle/archive/master.zip -O domaindrivendev--Swashbuckle.zip
https://github.com/accord-net/framework/archive/master.zip -O accord-net--framework.zip
https://github.com/JabbR/JabbR/archive/master.zip -O JabbR--JabbR.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/PTVS/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--PTVS.zip
https://github.com/googlevr/gvr-unity-sdk/archive/master.zip -O googlevr--gvr-unity-sdk.zip
https://github.com/schambers/fluentmigrator/archive/master.zip -O schambers--fluentmigrator.zip
https://github.com/jagregory/fluent-nhibernate/archive/master.zip -O jagregory--fluent-nhibernate.zip
https://github.com/xamarin/monodroid-samples/archive/master.zip -O xamarin--monodroid-samples.zip
https://github.com/akavache/Akavache/archive/master.zip -O akavache--Akavache.zip
https://github.com/DotNetOpenAuth/DotNetOpenAuth/archive/master.zip -O DotNetOpenAuth--DotNetOpenAuth.zip
https://github.com/xamarin/xamarin-forms-samples/archive/master.zip -O xamarin--xamarin-forms-samples.zip
https://github.com/SirCmpwn/TrueCraft/archive/master.zip -O SirCmpwn--TrueCraft.zip
https://github.com/sq/JSIL/archive/master.zip -O sq--JSIL.zip
https://github.com/markrendle/Simple.Data/archive/master.zip -O markrendle--Simple.Data.zip
https://github.com/Fody/Fody/archive/master.zip -O Fody--Fody.zip
https://github.com/Antaris/RazorEngine/archive/master.zip -O Antaris--RazorEngine.zip
https://github.com/0xd4d/de4dot/archive/master.zip -O 0xd4d--de4dot.zip
https://github.com/autofac/Autofac/archive/master.zip -O autofac--Autofac.zip
https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-net/archive/master.zip -O elastic--elasticsearch-net.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/KestrelHttpServer/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--KestrelHttpServer.zip
https://github.com/SiliconStudio/xenko/archive/master.zip -O SiliconStudio--xenko.zip
https://github.com/xunit/xunit/archive/master.zip -O xunit--xunit.zip
https://github.com/ReactWindows/react-native-windows/archive/master.zip -O ReactWindows--react-native-windows.zip
https://github.com/louthy/language-ext/archive/master.zip -O louthy--language-ext.zip
https://github.com/ServiceStack/ServiceStack.Redis/archive/master.zip -O ServiceStack--ServiceStack.Redis.zip
https://github.com/xupefei/Locale-Emulator/archive/master.zip -O xupefei--Locale-Emulator.zip
https://github.com/OrchardCMS/Orchard/archive/master.zip -O OrchardCMS--Orchard.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/JavaScriptServices/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--JavaScriptServices.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/referencesource/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--referencesource.zip
https://github.com/octokit/octokit.net/archive/master.zip -O octokit--octokit.net.zip
https://github.com/SamSaffron/MiniProfiler/archive/master.zip -O SamSaffron--MiniProfiler.zip
https://github.com/Ar1i/PokemonGo-Bot/archive/master.zip -O Ar1i--PokemonGo-Bot.zip
https://github.com/0xd4d/dnSpy/archive/master.zip -O 0xd4d--dnSpy.zip
https://github.com/PrismLibrary/Prism/archive/master.zip -O PrismLibrary--Prism.zip
https://github.com/serilog/serilog/archive/master.zip -O serilog--serilog.zip
https://github.com/libgit2/libgit2sharp/archive/master.zip -O libgit2--libgit2sharp.zip
https://github.com/Caliburn-Micro/Caliburn.Micro/archive/master.zip -O Caliburn-Micro--Caliburn.Micro.zip
https://github.com/jstedfast/MailKit/archive/master.zip -O jstedfast--MailKit.zip
https://github.com/neuecc/UniRx/archive/master.zip -O neuecc--UniRx.zip
https://github.com/gsscoder/commandline/archive/master.zip -O gsscoder--commandline.zip
https://github.com/JoshClose/CsvHelper/archive/master.zip -O JoshClose--CsvHelper.zip
https://github.com/Windows-XAML/Template10/archive/master.zip -O Windows-XAML--Template10.zip
https://github.com/mgravell/protobuf-net/archive/master.zip -O mgravell--protobuf-net.zip
https://github.com/sta/websocket-sharp/archive/master.zip -O sta--websocket-sharp.zip
https://github.com/OfficeDev/Open-XML-SDK/archive/master.zip -O OfficeDev--Open-XML-SDK.zip
https://github.com/RolandPheasant/TailBlazer/archive/master.zip -O RolandPheasant--TailBlazer.zip
https://github.com/nhibernate/nhibernate-core/archive/master.zip -O nhibernate--nhibernate-core.zip
https://github.com/git-tfs/git-tfs/archive/master.zip -O git-tfs--git-tfs.zip
https://github.com/Code52/DownmarkerWPF/archive/master.zip -O Code52--DownmarkerWPF.zip
https://github.com/MediaBrowser/Emby/archive/master.zip -O MediaBrowser--Emby.zip
https://github.com/NEventStore/NEventStore/archive/master.zip -O NEventStore--NEventStore.zip
https://github.com/AngleSharp/AngleSharp/archive/master.zip -O AngleSharp--AngleSharp.zip
https://github.com/duplicati/duplicati/archive/master.zip -O duplicati--duplicati.zip
https://github.com/Particular/NServiceBus/archive/master.zip -O Particular--NServiceBus.zip
https://github.com/voat/voat/archive/master.zip -O voat--voat.zip
https://github.com/Monnoroch/ColorHighlighter/archive/master.zip -O Monnoroch--ColorHighlighter.zip
https://github.com/paulcbetts/refit/archive/master.zip -O paulcbetts--refit.zip
https://github.com/XLabs/Xamarin-Forms-Labs/archive/master.zip -O XLabs--Xamarin-Forms-Labs.zip
https://github.com/mbdavid/LiteDB/archive/master.zip -O mbdavid--LiteDB.zip
https://github.com/Codeusa/Borderless-Gaming/archive/master.zip -O Codeusa--Borderless-Gaming.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/Identity/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--Identity.zip
https://github.com/yck1509/ConfuserEx/archive/master.zip -O yck1509--ConfuserEx.zip
https://github.com/icsharpcode/SharpDevelop/archive/master.zip -O icsharpcode--SharpDevelop.zip
https://github.com/gregoryyoung/m-r/archive/master.zip -O gregoryyoung--m-r.zip
https://github.com/CollaboratingPlatypus/PetaPoco/archive/master.zip -O CollaboratingPlatypus--PetaPoco.zip
https://github.com/madskristensen/WebEssentials2013/archive/master.zip -O madskristensen--WebEssentials2013.zip
https://github.com/loresoft/EntityFramework.Extended/archive/master.zip -O loresoft--EntityFramework.Extended.zip
https://github.com/xamarin/Xamarin.Forms/archive/master.zip -O xamarin--Xamarin.Forms.zip
https://github.com/AutoFixture/AutoFixture/archive/master.zip -O AutoFixture--AutoFixture.zip
https://github.com/OfficeDev/PnP/archive/master.zip -O OfficeDev--PnP.zip
https://github.com/playdeadgames/temporal/archive/master.zip -O playdeadgames--temporal.zip
https://github.com/inkle/ink/archive/master.zip -O inkle--ink.zip
https://github.com/xamarin/mobile-samples/archive/master.zip -O xamarin--mobile-samples.zip
https://github.com/jakubgarfield/Bonobo-Git-Server/archive/master.zip -O jakubgarfield--Bonobo-Git-Server.zip
https://github.com/tjoudeh/AngularJSAuthentication/archive/master.zip -O tjoudeh--AngularJSAuthentication.zip
https://github.com/thestonefox/VRTK/archive/master.zip -O thestonefox--VRTK.zip
https://github.com/mathnet/mathnet-numerics/archive/master.zip -O mathnet--mathnet-numerics.zip
https://github.com/techtalk/SpecFlow/archive/master.zip -O techtalk--SpecFlow.zip
https://github.com/firstfloorsoftware/mui/archive/master.zip -O firstfloorsoftware--mui.zip
https://github.com/MassTransit/MassTransit/archive/master.zip -O MassTransit--MassTransit.zip
https://github.com/cake-build/cake/archive/master.zip -O cake-build--cake.zip
https://github.com/nefarius/ScpToolkit/archive/master.zip -O nefarius--ScpToolkit.zip
https://github.com/p-org/P/archive/master.zip -O p-org--P.zip
https://github.com/xamarin/ios-samples/archive/master.zip -O xamarin--ios-samples.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/MusicStore/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--MusicStore.zip
https://github.com/nopSolutions/nopCommerce/archive/master.zip -O nopSolutions--nopCommerce.zip
https://github.com/SonyWWS/LevelEditor/archive/master.zip -O SonyWWS--LevelEditor.zip
https://github.com/npgsql/npgsql/archive/master.zip -O npgsql--npgsql.zip
https://github.com/zeromq/netmq/archive/master.zip -O zeromq--netmq.zip
https://github.com/jshackles/idle_master/archive/master.zip -O jshackles--idle_master.zip
https://github.com/EasyNetQ/EasyNetQ/archive/master.zip -O EasyNetQ--EasyNetQ.zip
https://github.com/mRemoteNG/mRemoteNG/archive/master.zip -O mRemoteNG--mRemoteNG.zip
https://github.com/reactjs/React.NET/archive/master.zip -O reactjs--React.NET.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/UWPCommunityToolkit/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--UWPCommunityToolkit.zip
https://github.com/dotnet-state-machine/stateless/archive/master.zip -O dotnet-state-machine--stateless.zip
https://github.com/SteamRE/SteamKit/archive/master.zip -O SteamRE--SteamKit.zip
https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/archive/master.zip -O Azure--azure-sdk-for-net.zip
https://github.com/Jessecar96/SteamBot/archive/master.zip -O Jessecar96--SteamBot.zip
https://github.com/aalhour/C-Sharp-Algorithms/archive/master.zip -O aalhour--C-Sharp-Algorithms.zip
https://github.com/mono/xwt/archive/master.zip -O mono--xwt.zip
https://github.com/sjdirect/abot/archive/master.zip -O sjdirect--abot.zip
https://github.com/ServiceStack/ServiceStack.OrmLite/archive/master.zip -O ServiceStack--ServiceStack.OrmLite.zip
https://github.com/NuGet/NuGetGallery/archive/master.zip -O NuGet--NuGetGallery.zip
https://github.com/picoe/Eto/archive/master.zip -O picoe--Eto.zip
https://github.com/nunit/nunit/archive/master.zip -O nunit--nunit.zip
https://github.com/xebecnan/UniLua/archive/master.zip -O xebecnan--UniLua.zip
https://github.com/IgnaceMaes/MaterialSkin/archive/master.zip -O IgnaceMaes--MaterialSkin.zip
https://github.com/azzvx/gogotester/archive/master.zip -O azzvx--gogotester.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/Docs/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--Docs.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/Git-Credential-Manager-for-Windows/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--Git-Credential-Manager-for-Windows.zip
https://github.com/jbevain/cecil/archive/master.zip -O jbevain--cecil.zip
https://github.com/clojure/clojure-clr/archive/master.zip -O clojure--clojure-clr.zip
https://github.com/ServiceStack/ServiceStack.Text/archive/master.zip -O ServiceStack--ServiceStack.Text.zip
https://github.com/VerbalExpressions/CSharpVerbalExpressions/archive/master.zip -O VerbalExpressions--CSharpVerbalExpressions.zip
https://github.com/oxyplot/oxyplot/archive/master.zip -O oxyplot--oxyplot.zip
https://github.com/Grabacr07/KanColleViewer/archive/master.zip -O Grabacr07--KanColleViewer.zip
https://github.com/johnculviner/jquery.fileDownload/archive/master.zip -O johnculviner--jquery.fileDownload.zip
https://github.com/facebook-csharp-sdk/facebook-csharp-sdk/archive/master.zip -O facebook-csharp-sdk--facebook-csharp-sdk.zip
https://github.com/jbogard/MediatR/archive/master.zip -O jbogard--MediatR.zip
https://github.com/icsharpcode/SharpZipLib/archive/master.zip -O icsharpcode--SharpZipLib.zip
https://github.com/lzybkr/PSReadLine/archive/master.zip -O lzybkr--PSReadLine.zip
https://github.com/MiniProfiler/dotnet/archive/master.zip -O MiniProfiler--dotnet.zip
https://github.com/brockallen/BrockAllen.MembershipReboot/archive/master.zip -O brockallen--BrockAllen.MembershipReboot.zip
https://github.com/exceptionless/Exceptionless/archive/master.zip -O exceptionless--Exceptionless.zip
https://github.com/madskristensen/MiniBlog/archive/master.zip -O madskristensen--MiniBlog.zip
https://github.com/NewEraCracker/LOIC/archive/master.zip -O NewEraCracker--LOIC.zip
https://github.com/beto-rodriguez/Live-Charts/archive/master.zip -O beto-rodriguez--Live-Charts.zip
https://github.com/sschmid/Entitas-CSharp/archive/master.zip -O sschmid--Entitas-CSharp.zip
https://github.com/dotnet/wcf/archive/master.zip -O dotnet--wcf.zip
https://github.com/Squirrel/OldSquirrelForWindows/archive/master.zip -O Squirrel--OldSquirrelForWindows.zip
https://github.com/ScutGame/Scut/archive/master.zip -O ScutGame--Scut.zip
https://github.com/TouchScript/TouchScript/archive/master.zip -O TouchScript--TouchScript.zip
https://github.com/dennisdoomen/FluentAssertions/archive/master.zip -O dennisdoomen--FluentAssertions.zip
https://github.com/nsubstitute/NSubstitute/archive/master.zip -O nsubstitute--NSubstitute.zip
https://github.com/IdentityServer/IdentityServer4/archive/master.zip -O IdentityServer--IdentityServer4.zip
https://github.com/AdaptiveConsulting/ReactiveTrader/archive/master.zip -O AdaptiveConsulting--ReactiveTrader.zip
https://github.com/telerik/JustDecompileEngine/archive/master.zip -O telerik--JustDecompileEngine.zip
https://github.com/nickgravelyn/UnityToolbag/archive/master.zip -O nickgravelyn--UnityToolbag.zip
https://github.com/Netflix/Fido/archive/master.zip -O Netflix--Fido.zip
https://github.com/TheUnnameOrganization/RocketBot/archive/master.zip -O TheUnnameOrganization--RocketBot.zip
https://github.com/drojdjou/J3D/archive/master.zip -O drojdjou--J3D.zip
https://github.com/fholm/unityassets/archive/master.zip -O fholm--unityassets.zip
https://github.com/MicrosoftArchive/cqrs-journey/archive/master.zip -O MicrosoftArchive--cqrs-journey.zip
https://github.com/atemerev/skynet/archive/master.zip -O atemerev--skynet.zip
https://github.com/kerryjiang/SuperSocket/archive/master.zip -O kerryjiang--SuperSocket.zip
https://github.com/EWSoftware/SHFB/archive/master.zip -O EWSoftware--SHFB.zip
https://github.com/bridgedotnet/Bridge/archive/master.zip -O bridgedotnet--Bridge.zip
https://github.com/MarlabsInc/SocialGoal/archive/master.zip -O MarlabsInc--SocialGoal.zip
https://github.com/github/VisualStudio/archive/master.zip -O github--VisualStudio.zip
https://github.com/kohsuke/winsw/archive/master.zip -O kohsuke--winsw.zip
https://github.com/i-saint/Unity5Effects/archive/master.zip -O i-saint--Unity5Effects.zip
https://github.com/OmniSharp/generator-aspnet/archive/master.zip -O OmniSharp--generator-aspnet.zip
https://github.com/JustArchi/ArchiSteamFarm/archive/master.zip -O JustArchi--ArchiSteamFarm.zip
https://github.com/hallatore/Netling/archive/master.zip -O hallatore--Netling.zip
https://github.com/jamesmontemagno/Xamarin.Plugins/archive/master.zip -O jamesmontemagno--Xamarin.Plugins.zip
https://github.com/5andr0/PogoLocationFeeder/archive/master.zip -O 5andr0--PogoLocationFeeder.zip
https://github.com/tangxuehua/enode/archive/master.zip -O tangxuehua--enode.zip
https://github.com/MattRix/Futile/archive/master.zip -O MattRix--Futile.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/VisualStudioUninstaller/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--VisualStudioUninstaller.zip
https://github.com/koush/UniversalAdbDriver/archive/master.zip -O koush--UniversalAdbDriver.zip
https://github.com/smartstoreag/SmartStoreNET/archive/master.zip -O smartstoreag--SmartStoreNET.zip
https://github.com/xamarin/xamarin-macios/archive/master.zip -O xamarin--xamarin-macios.zip
https://github.com/sharpdx/SharpDX/archive/master.zip -O sharpdx--SharpDX.zip
https://github.com/loresoft/msbuildtasks/archive/master.zip -O loresoft--msbuildtasks.zip
https://github.com/machine/machine.specifications/archive/master.zip -O machine--machine.specifications.zip
https://github.com/fluentscheduler/FluentScheduler/archive/master.zip -O fluentscheduler--FluentScheduler.zip
https://github.com/dotless/dotless/archive/master.zip -O dotless--dotless.zip
https://github.com/opendns/dnscrypt-win-client/archive/master.zip -O opendns--dnscrypt-win-client.zip
https://github.com/StockSharp/StockSharp/archive/master.zip -O StockSharp--StockSharp.zip
https://github.com/OpenCover/opencover/archive/master.zip -O OpenCover--opencover.zip
https://github.com/NyxStudios/TShock/archive/master.zip -O NyxStudios--TShock.zip
https://github.com/volkanceylan/Serenity/archive/master.zip -O volkanceylan--Serenity.zip
https://github.com/code-cracker/code-cracker/archive/master.zip -O code-cracker--code-cracker.zip
https://github.com/structuremap/structuremap/archive/master.zip -O structuremap--structuremap.zip
https://github.com/Lone-Coder/letsencrypt-win-simple/archive/master.zip -O Lone-Coder--letsencrypt-win-simple.zip
https://github.com/github/Scientist.net/archive/master.zip -O github--Scientist.net.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/GalaxyExplorer/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--GalaxyExplorer.zip
https://github.com/Jays2Kings/DS4Windows/archive/master.zip -O Jays2Kings--DS4Windows.zip
https://github.com/xamarin/xamarin-android/archive/master.zip -O xamarin--xamarin-android.zip
https://github.com/AdamsLair/duality/archive/master.zip -O AdamsLair--duality.zip
https://github.com/MobBotTeam/PokeMobBot/archive/master.zip -O MobBotTeam--PokeMobBot.zip
https://github.com/dotnet/codeformatter/archive/master.zip -O dotnet--codeformatter.zip
https://github.com/PFCKrutonium/Windows-10-Login-Background-Changer/archive/master.zip -O PFCKrutonium--Windows-10-Login-Background-Changer.zip
https://github.com/CosmosOS/Cosmos/archive/master.zip -O CosmosOS--Cosmos.zip
https://github.com/henon/GitSharp/archive/master.zip -O henon--GitSharp.zip
https://github.com/ASP-NET-MVC-Boilerplate/Templates/archive/master.zip -O ASP-NET-MVC-Boilerplate--Templates.zip
https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean/archive/master.zip -O QuantConnect--Lean.zip
https://github.com/WebApiContrib/WebAPIContrib/archive/master.zip -O WebApiContrib--WebAPIContrib.zip
https://github.com/tmsmith/Dapper-Extensions/archive/master.zip -O tmsmith--Dapper-Extensions.zip
https://github.com/sprache/Sprache/archive/master.zip -O sprache--Sprache.zip
https://github.com/FakeItEasy/FakeItEasy/archive/master.zip -O FakeItEasy--FakeItEasy.zip
https://github.com/praeclarum/Netjs/archive/master.zip -O praeclarum--Netjs.zip
https://github.com/charlesw/tesseract/archive/master.zip -O charlesw--tesseract.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/Razor/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--Razor.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/CodeContracts/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--CodeContracts.zip
https://github.com/mono/CppSharp/archive/master.zip -O mono--CppSharp.zip
https://github.com/nikhilk/scriptsharp/archive/master.zip -O nikhilk--scriptsharp.zip
https://github.com/Azure/DotNetty/archive/master.zip -O Azure--DotNetty.zip
https://github.com/opentk/opentk/archive/master.zip -O opentk--opentk.zip
https://github.com/umeng/umeng-muti-channel-build-tool/archive/master.zip -O umeng--umeng-muti-channel-build-tool.zip
https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/archive/master.zip -O Azure--azure-powershell.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/VS-PPT/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--VS-PPT.zip
https://github.com/x360ce/x360ce/archive/master.zip -O x360ce--x360ce.zip
https://github.com/mausch/SolrNet/archive/master.zip -O mausch--SolrNet.zip
https://github.com/lukebuehler/CShell/archive/master.zip -O lukebuehler--CShell.zip
https://github.com/rlabrecque/Steamworks.NET/archive/master.zip -O rlabrecque--Steamworks.NET.zip
https://github.com/apache/lucenenet/archive/master.zip -O apache--lucenenet.zip
https://github.com/IdentityManager/IdentityManager/archive/master.zip -O IdentityManager--IdentityManager.zip
https://github.com/NLua/NLua/archive/master.zip -O NLua--NLua.zip
https://github.com/StephenCleary/AsyncEx/archive/master.zip -O StephenCleary--AsyncEx.zip
https://github.com/GitTools/GitVersion/archive/master.zip -O GitTools--GitVersion.zip
https://github.com/StackExchange/NetGain/archive/master.zip -O StackExchange--NetGain.zip
https://github.com/filipw/Strathweb.CacheOutput/archive/master.zip -O filipw--Strathweb.CacheOutput.zip
https://github.com/TestStack/White/archive/master.zip -O TestStack--White.zip
https://github.com/Azure/autorest/archive/master.zip -O Azure--autorest.zip
https://github.com/SubtitleEdit/subtitleedit/archive/master.zip -O SubtitleEdit--subtitleedit.zip
https://github.com/naudio/NAudio/archive/master.zip -O naudio--NAudio.zip
https://github.com/statianzo/Fleck/archive/master.zip -O statianzo--Fleck.zip
https://github.com/jaymedavis/stripe.net/archive/master.zip -O jaymedavis--stripe.net.zip
https://github.com/smsohan/MvcMailer/archive/master.zip -O smsohan--MvcMailer.zip
https://github.com/subsonic/SubSonic-3.0/archive/master.zip -O subsonic--SubSonic-3.0.zip
https://github.com/icsharpcode/NRefactory/archive/master.zip -O icsharpcode--NRefactory.zip
https://github.com/dockpanelsuite/dockpanelsuite/archive/master.zip -O dockpanelsuite--dockpanelsuite.zip
https://github.com/rallion/depressurizer/archive/master.zip -O rallion--depressurizer.zip
https://github.com/Pash-Project/Pash/archive/master.zip -O Pash-Project--Pash.zip
https://github.com/MarkNijhof/Fohjin/archive/master.zip -O MarkNijhof--Fohjin.zip
https://github.com/fdorg/flashdevelop/archive/master.zip -O fdorg--flashdevelop.zip
https://github.com/MattRix/UnityDecompiled/archive/master.zip -O MattRix--UnityDecompiled.zip
https://github.com/sestoft/C5/archive/master.zip -O sestoft--C5.zip
https://github.com/ricardojmendez/UnitySteer/archive/master.zip -O ricardojmendez--UnitySteer.zip
https://github.com/andrewdavey/cassette/archive/master.zip -O andrewdavey--cassette.zip
https://github.com/linq2db/linq2db/archive/master.zip -O linq2db--linq2db.zip
https://github.com/SodiumFRP/sodium/archive/master.zip -O SodiumFRP--sodium.zip
https://github.com/ButchersBoy/Dragablz/archive/master.zip -O ButchersBoy--Dragablz.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/WPF-Samples/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--WPF-Samples.zip
https://github.com/DotNetAnalyzers/StyleCopAnalyzers/archive/master.zip -O DotNetAnalyzers--StyleCopAnalyzers.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/dotnetsamples/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--dotnetsamples.zip
https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/PostProcessing/archive/master.zip -O Unity-Technologies--PostProcessing.zip
https://github.com/Knagis/CommonMark.NET/archive/master.zip -O Knagis--CommonMark.NET.zip
https://github.com/samus/mongodb-csharp/archive/master.zip -O samus--mongodb-csharp.zip
https://github.com/castleproject/Windsor/archive/master.zip -O castleproject--Windsor.zip
https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-net/archive/master.zip -O aws--aws-sdk-net.zip
https://github.com/gree/unity-webview/archive/master.zip -O gree--unity-webview.zip
https://github.com/ExcelDataReader/ExcelDataReader/archive/master.zip -O ExcelDataReader--ExcelDataReader.zip
https://github.com/jstedfast/MimeKit/archive/master.zip -O jstedfast--MimeKit.zip
https://github.com/kevin-montrose/Sigil/archive/master.zip -O kevin-montrose--Sigil.zip
https://github.com/adamdriscoll/poshtools/archive/master.zip -O adamdriscoll--poshtools.zip
https://github.com/xamarin/XamarinComponents/archive/master.zip -O xamarin--XamarinComponents.zip
https://github.com/openhardwaremonitor/openhardwaremonitor/archive/master.zip -O openhardwaremonitor--openhardwaremonitor.zip
https://github.com/Code52/pretzel/archive/master.zip -O Code52--pretzel.zip
https://github.com/ivaylokenov/MyTested.AspNetCore.Mvc/archive/master.zip -O ivaylokenov--MyTested.AspNetCore.Mvc.zip
https://github.com/oddgames/UIToolkit/archive/master.zip -O oddgames--UIToolkit.zip
https://github.com/stefanprodan/WebApiThrottle/archive/master.zip -O stefanprodan--WebApiThrottle.zip
https://github.com/quasar/QuasarRAT/archive/master.zip -O quasar--QuasarRAT.zip
https://github.com/shouldly/shouldly/archive/master.zip -O shouldly--shouldly.zip
https://github.com/pbhogan/InControl/archive/master.zip -O pbhogan--InControl.zip
https://github.com/jimradford/superputty/archive/master.zip -O jimradford--superputty.zip
https://github.com/topameng/tolua/archive/master.zip -O topameng--tolua.zip
https://github.com/ebekker/ACMESharp/archive/master.zip -O ebekker--ACMESharp.zip
https://github.com/robertcupisz/LightShafts/archive/master.zip -O robertcupisz--LightShafts.zip
https://github.com/lachesis/scallion/archive/master.zip -O lachesis--scallion.zip
https://github.com/NetEase/UnitySocketIO/archive/master.zip -O NetEase--UnitySocketIO.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/SignalR-Server/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--SignalR-Server.zip
https://github.com/sixthsense/sixthsense/archive/master.zip -O sixthsense--sixthsense.zip
https://github.com/shimat/opencvsharp/archive/master.zip -O shimat--opencvsharp.zip
https://github.com/paulyoder/LinqToExcel/archive/master.zip -O paulyoder--LinqToExcel.zip
https://github.com/ppy/osu/archive/master.zip -O ppy--osu.zip
https://github.com/Bobris/Nowin/archive/master.zip -O Bobris--Nowin.zip
https://github.com/PistonDevelopers/VisualRust/archive/master.zip -O PistonDevelopers--VisualRust.zip
https://github.com/dotnet/docfx/archive/master.zip -O dotnet--docfx.zip
https://github.com/paulcbetts/splat/archive/master.zip -O paulcbetts--splat.zip
https://github.com/filoe/cscore/archive/master.zip -O filoe--cscore.zip
https://github.com/paulcbetts/ModernHttpClient/archive/master.zip -O paulcbetts--ModernHttpClient.zip
https://github.com/graphql-dotnet/graphql-dotnet/archive/master.zip -O graphql-dotnet--graphql-dotnet.zip
https://github.com/Xeroday/Spotify-Ad-Blocker/archive/master.zip -O Xeroday--Spotify-Ad-Blocker.zip
https://github.com/soomla/unity3d-store/archive/master.zip -O soomla--unity3d-store.zip
https://github.com/ASP-NET-MVC/aspnetwebstack/archive/master.zip -O ASP-NET-MVC--aspnetwebstack.zip
https://github.com/dotnet/corert/archive/master.zip -O dotnet--corert.zip
https://github.com/nodatime/nodatime/archive/master.zip -O nodatime--nodatime.zip
https://github.com/jacksonh/manos/archive/master.zip -O jacksonh--manos.zip
https://github.com/NickCraver/StackExchange.Exceptional/archive/master.zip -O NickCraver--StackExchange.Exceptional.zip
https://github.com/Spegeli/PokemoGoBot-GottaCatchEmAll/archive/master.zip -O Spegeli--PokemoGoBot-GottaCatchEmAll.zip
https://github.com/unitycontainer/unity/archive/master.zip -O unitycontainer--unity.zip
https://github.com/FeroxRev/Pokemon-Go-Rocket-API/archive/master.zip -O FeroxRev--Pokemon-Go-Rocket-API.zip
https://github.com/pjvds/ncqrs/archive/master.zip -O pjvds--ncqrs.zip
https://github.com/Jessecar96/SteamDesktopAuthenticator/archive/master.zip -O Jessecar96--SteamDesktopAuthenticator.zip
https://github.com/bitdust/EarthLiveSharp/archive/master.zip -O bitdust--EarthLiveSharp.zip
https://github.com/rebus-org/Rebus/archive/master.zip -O rebus-org--Rebus.zip
https://github.com/enyim/EnyimMemcached/archive/master.zip -O enyim--EnyimMemcached.zip
https://github.com/KSP-CKAN/CKAN/archive/master.zip -O KSP-CKAN--CKAN.zip
https://github.com/dotBunny/VSCode/archive/master.zip -O dotBunny--VSCode.zip
https://github.com/exceptionless/Foundatio/archive/master.zip -O exceptionless--Foundatio.zip
https://github.com/maartenba/MvcSiteMapProvider/archive/master.zip -O maartenba--MvcSiteMapProvider.zip
https://github.com/grumpydev/TinyIoC/archive/master.zip -O grumpydev--TinyIoC.zip
https://github.com/mono/monotouch-bindings/archive/master.zip -O mono--monotouch-bindings.zip
https://github.com/MichaCo/CacheManager/archive/master.zip -O MichaCo--CacheManager.zip
https://github.com/sirWest/AudioSwitch/archive/master.zip -O sirWest--AudioSwitch.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/perfview/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--perfview.zip
https://github.com/HTBox/allReady/archive/master.zip -O HTBox--allReady.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/Mobius/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--Mobius.zip
https://github.com/chucknorris/roundhouse/archive/master.zip -O chucknorris--roundhouse.zip
https://github.com/andrewdavey/postal/archive/master.zip -O andrewdavey--postal.zip
https://github.com/dotnet/corefxlab/archive/master.zip -O dotnet--corefxlab.zip
https://github.com/etishor/Metrics.NET/archive/master.zip -O etishor--Metrics.NET.zip
https://github.com/mccalltd/AttributeRouting/archive/master.zip -O mccalltd--AttributeRouting.zip
https://github.com/codecadwallader/codemaid/archive/master.zip -O codecadwallader--codemaid.zip
https://github.com/waseems/inbox2_desktop/archive/master.zip -O waseems--inbox2_desktop.zip
https://github.com/petabridge/akka-bootcamp/archive/master.zip -O petabridge--akka-bootcamp.zip
https://github.com/boo-lang/boo/archive/master.zip -O boo-lang--boo.zip
https://github.com/ArduPilot/MissionPlanner/archive/master.zip -O ArduPilot--MissionPlanner.zip
https://github.com/dotnet/buildtools/archive/master.zip -O dotnet--buildtools.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/DependencyInjection/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--DependencyInjection.zip
https://github.com/aliostad/CacheCow/archive/master.zip -O aliostad--CacheCow.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/benchmarks/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--benchmarks.zip
https://github.com/migueldeicaza/MonoTouch.Dialog/archive/master.zip -O migueldeicaza--MonoTouch.Dialog.zip
https://github.com/flagbug/YoutubeExtractor/archive/master.zip -O flagbug--YoutubeExtractor.zip
https://github.com/mono/monotorrent/archive/master.zip -O mono--monotorrent.zip
https://github.com/DarthFubuMVC/fubumvc/archive/master.zip -O DarthFubuMVC--fubumvc.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/Security/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--Security.zip
https://github.com/castleproject/Core/archive/master.zip -O castleproject--Core.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/Microsoft.IO.RecyclableMemoryStream/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--Microsoft.IO.RecyclableMemoryStream.zip
https://github.com/fluentribbon/Fluent.Ribbon/archive/master.zip -O fluentribbon--Fluent.Ribbon.zip
https://github.com/crawlerplay/GooglePlayAppsCrawler/archive/master.zip -O crawlerplay--GooglePlayAppsCrawler.zip
https://github.com/IdentityServer/IdentityServer2/archive/master.zip -O IdentityServer--IdentityServer2.zip
https://github.com/sailro/Reflexil/archive/master.zip -O sailro--Reflexil.zip
https://github.com/DropNet/DropNet/archive/master.zip -O DropNet--DropNet.zip
https://github.com/cDima/Aerial/archive/master.zip -O cDima--Aerial.zip
https://github.com/garora/TDD-Katas/archive/master.zip -O garora--TDD-Katas.zip
https://github.com/net-commons/common-logging/archive/master.zip -O net-commons--common-logging.zip
https://github.com/warden-stack/Warden/archive/master.zip -O warden-stack--Warden.zip
https://github.com/TomorrowTodayLabs/NewtonVR/archive/master.zip -O TomorrowTodayLabs--NewtonVR.zip
https://github.com/canton7/SyncTrayzor/archive/master.zip -O canton7--SyncTrayzor.zip
https://github.com/prime31/CharacterController2D/archive/master.zip -O prime31--CharacterController2D.zip
https://github.com/jdiamond/Nustache/archive/master.zip -O jdiamond--Nustache.zip
https://github.com/mike-ward/Markdown-Edit/archive/master.zip -O mike-ward--Markdown-Edit.zip
https://github.com/Fody/Costura/archive/master.zip -O Fody--Costura.zip
https://github.com/icsharpcode/RefactoringEssentials/archive/master.zip -O icsharpcode--RefactoringEssentials.zip
https://github.com/tmenier/Flurl/archive/master.zip -O tmenier--Flurl.zip
https://github.com/kayakhttp/kayak/archive/master.zip -O kayakhttp--kayak.zip
https://github.com/Lokad/lokad-cqrs/archive/master.zip -O Lokad--lokad-cqrs.zip
https://github.com/DbUp/DbUp/archive/master.zip -O DbUp--DbUp.zip
https://github.com/atheken/NoRM/archive/master.zip -O atheken--NoRM.zip
https://github.com/aaubry/YamlDotNet/archive/master.zip -O aaubry--YamlDotNet.zip
https://github.com/antiufo/roslyn-linq-rewrite/archive/master.zip -O antiufo--roslyn-linq-rewrite.zip
https://github.com/Fody/PropertyChanged/archive/master.zip -O Fody--PropertyChanged.zip
https://github.com/jamesmontemagno/Hanselman.Forms/archive/master.zip -O jamesmontemagno--Hanselman.Forms.zip
https://github.com/mono/CocosSharp/archive/master.zip -O mono--CocosSharp.zip
https://github.com/realm/realm-dotnet/archive/master.zip -O realm--realm-dotnet.zip
https://github.com/File-New-Project/EarTrumpet/archive/master.zip -O File-New-Project--EarTrumpet.zip
https://github.com/msgpack/msgpack-cli/archive/master.zip -O msgpack--msgpack-cli.zip
https://github.com/RaduMC/UnityStudio/archive/master.zip -O RaduMC--UnityStudio.zip
https://github.com/DynamoDS/Dynamo/archive/master.zip -O DynamoDS--Dynamo.zip
https://github.com/Haacked/SeeGit/archive/master.zip -O Haacked--SeeGit.zip
https://github.com/saaskit/saaskit/archive/master.zip -O saaskit--saaskit.zip
https://github.com/punker76/gong-wpf-dragdrop/archive/master.zip -O punker76--gong-wpf-dragdrop.zip
https://github.com/JasperFx/marten/archive/master.zip -O JasperFx--marten.zip
https://github.com/hhariri/EasyHttp/archive/master.zip -O hhariri--EasyHttp.zip
https://github.com/schotime/NPoco/archive/master.zip -O schotime--NPoco.zip
https://github.com/prime31/TouchKit/archive/master.zip -O prime31--TouchKit.zip
https://github.com/prime31/GoKit/archive/master.zip -O prime31--GoKit.zip
https://github.com/MuMech/MechJeb2/archive/master.zip -O MuMech--MechJeb2.zip
https://github.com/ferventdesert/Hawk/archive/master.zip -O ferventdesert--Hawk.zip
https://github.com/dotnet/standard/archive/master.zip -O dotnet--standard.zip
https://github.com/IdentityModel/Thinktecture.IdentityModel.45/archive/master.zip -O IdentityModel--Thinktecture.IdentityModel.45.zip
https://github.com/Ulterius/server/archive/master.zip -O Ulterius--server.zip
https://github.com/MarcosMeli/FileHelpers/archive/master.zip -O MarcosMeli--FileHelpers.zip
https://github.com/lunet-io/markdig/archive/master.zip -O lunet-io--markdig.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/GraphView/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--GraphView.zip
https://github.com/jarjin/LuaFramework_UGUI/archive/master.zip -O jarjin--LuaFramework_UGUI.zip
https://github.com/damianh/LibLog/archive/master.zip -O damianh--LibLog.zip
https://github.com/disruptor-net/Disruptor-net/archive/master.zip -O disruptor-net--Disruptor-net.zip
https://github.com/etodd/Lemma/archive/master.zip -O etodd--Lemma.zip
https://github.com/turquoiseowl/i18n/archive/master.zip -O turquoiseowl--i18n.zip
https://github.com/gluck/il-repack/archive/master.zip -O gluck--il-repack.zip
https://github.com/andyburke/UnityHTTP/archive/master.zip -O andyburke--UnityHTTP.zip
https://github.com/TeamPorcupine/ProjectPorcupine/archive/master.zip -O TeamPorcupine--ProjectPorcupine.zip
https://github.com/PavelTorgashov/FastColoredTextBox/archive/master.zip -O PavelTorgashov--FastColoredTextBox.zip
https://github.com/samhocevar/wincompose/archive/master.zip -O samhocevar--wincompose.zip
https://github.com/yuvaltz/Granular/archive/master.zip -O yuvaltz--Granular.zip
https://github.com/primaryobjects/AI-Programmer/archive/master.zip -O primaryobjects--AI-Programmer.zip
https://github.com/apache/log4net/archive/master.zip -O apache--log4net.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/HoloToolkit-Unity/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--HoloToolkit-Unity.zip
https://github.com/xamarinhq/app-evolve/archive/master.zip -O xamarinhq--app-evolve.zip
https://github.com/Invoke-IR/PowerForensics/archive/master.zip -O Invoke-IR--PowerForensics.zip
https://github.com/Code52/carnac/archive/master.zip -O Code52--carnac.zip
https://github.com/InvexGames/MaterialUI/archive/master.zip -O InvexGames--MaterialUI.zip
https://github.com/keijiro/KinoGlitch/archive/master.zip -O keijiro--KinoGlitch.zip
https://github.com/mxgmn/SynTex/archive/master.zip -O mxgmn--SynTex.zip
https://github.com/MarimerLLC/csla/archive/master.zip -O MarimerLLC--csla.zip
https://github.com/icsharpcode/AvalonEdit/archive/master.zip -O icsharpcode--AvalonEdit.zip
https://github.com/IdentityModel/Thinktecture.IdentityModel/archive/master.zip -O IdentityModel--Thinktecture.IdentityModel.zip
https://github.com/headsling/Node.cs/archive/master.zip -O headsling--Node.cs.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/MIEngine/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--MIEngine.zip
https://github.com/wybory2014/Kalkulator1/archive/master.zip -O wybory2014--Kalkulator1.zip
https://github.com/lidgren/lidgren-network-gen3/archive/master.zip -O lidgren--lidgren-network-gen3.zip
https://github.com/PintaProject/Pinta/archive/master.zip -O PintaProject--Pinta.zip
https://github.com/jwt-dotnet/jwt/archive/master.zip -O jwt-dotnet--jwt.zip
https://github.com/timheuer/callisto/archive/master.zip -O timheuer--callisto.zip
https://github.com/Demigiant/dotween/archive/master.zip -O Demigiant--dotween.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/XamlBehaviors/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--XamlBehaviors.zip
https://github.com/mono/taglib-sharp/archive/master.zip -O mono--taglib-sharp.zip
https://github.com/dotliquid/dotliquid/archive/master.zip -O dotliquid--dotliquid.zip
https://github.com/googleads/googleads-mobile-unity/archive/master.zip -O googleads--googleads-mobile-unity.zip
https://github.com/featurist/coypu/archive/master.zip -O featurist--coypu.zip
https://github.com/helios-io/helios/archive/master.zip -O helios-io--helios.zip
https://github.com/Azure/connectthedots/archive/master.zip -O Azure--connectthedots.zip
https://github.com/EmmittJ/PoESkillTree/archive/master.zip -O EmmittJ--PoESkillTree.zip
https://github.com/adamhathcock/sharpcompress/archive/master.zip -O adamhathcock--sharpcompress.zip
https://github.com/luckyrat/KeeFox/archive/master.zip -O luckyrat--KeeFox.zip
https://github.com/morelinq/MoreLINQ/archive/master.zip -O morelinq--MoreLINQ.zip
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-net/archive/master.zip -O spring-projects--spring-net.zip
https://github.com/thefuntastic/Unity3d-Finite-State-Machine/archive/master.zip -O thefuntastic--Unity3d-Finite-State-Machine.zip
https://github.com/jkowalski/NLog/archive/master.zip -O jkowalski--NLog.zip
https://github.com/Redth/ZXing.Net.Mobile/archive/master.zip -O Redth--ZXing.Net.Mobile.zip
https://github.com/tgjones/gemini/archive/master.zip -O tgjones--gemini.zip
https://github.com/ElevenPaths/EvilFOCA/archive/master.zip -O ElevenPaths--EvilFOCA.zip
https://github.com/zenogantner/MyMediaLite/archive/master.zip -O zenogantner--MyMediaLite.zip
https://github.com/google/google-api-dotnet-client/archive/master.zip -O google--google-api-dotnet-client.zip
https://github.com/FNA-XNA/FNA/archive/master.zip -O FNA-XNA--FNA.zip
https://github.com/aspnetboilerplate/module-zero/archive/master.zip -O aspnetboilerplate--module-zero.zip
https://github.com/MicrosoftResearch/Naiad/archive/master.zip -O MicrosoftResearch--Naiad.zip
https://github.com/ONLYOFFICE/CommunityServer/archive/master.zip -O ONLYOFFICE--CommunityServer.zip
https://github.com/simpleinjector/SimpleInjector/archive/master.zip -O simpleinjector--SimpleInjector.zip
https://github.com/MrRoundRobin/telegram.bot/archive/master.zip -O MrRoundRobin--telegram.bot.zip
https://github.com/KirillOsenkov/MSBuildStructuredLog/archive/master.zip -O KirillOsenkov--MSBuildStructuredLog.zip
https://github.com/TerribleDev/OwinOAuthProviders/archive/master.zip -O TerribleDev--OwinOAuthProviders.zip
https://github.com/OmniSharp/omnisharp-roslyn/archive/master.zip -O OmniSharp--omnisharp-roslyn.zip
https://github.com/studyzy/imewlconverter/archive/master.zip -O studyzy--imewlconverter.zip
https://github.com/tkellogg/Jump-Location/archive/master.zip -O tkellogg--Jump-Location.zip
https://github.com/PiranhaCMS/Piranha/archive/master.zip -O PiranhaCMS--Piranha.zip
https://github.com/Codeusa/SteamCleaner/archive/master.zip -O Codeusa--SteamCleaner.zip
https://github.com/keijiro/KvantSpray/archive/master.zip -O keijiro--KvantSpray.zip
https://github.com/OmniSharp/omnisharp-server/archive/master.zip -O OmniSharp--omnisharp-server.zip
https://github.com/keepwn/Altman/archive/master.zip -O keepwn--Altman.zip
https://github.com/jsonfx/jsonfx/archive/master.zip -O jsonfx--jsonfx.zip
https://github.com/devbridge/BetterCMS/archive/master.zip -O devbridge--BetterCMS.zip
https://github.com/winauth/winauth/archive/master.zip -O winauth--winauth.zip
https://github.com/n2cms/n2cms/archive/master.zip -O n2cms--n2cms.zip
https://github.com/Windows-Readiness/AbsoluteBeginnersWin10/archive/master.zip -O Windows-Readiness--AbsoluteBeginnersWin10.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/WebHooks/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--WebHooks.zip
https://github.com/praeclarum/NGraphics/archive/master.zip -O praeclarum--NGraphics.zip
https://github.com/ArcadeRenegade/SidebarDiagnostics/archive/master.zip -O ArcadeRenegade--SidebarDiagnostics.zip
https://github.com/twilio/twilio-csharp/archive/master.zip -O twilio--twilio-csharp.zip
https://github.com/domaindrivendev/Ahoy/archive/master.zip -O domaindrivendev--Ahoy.zip
https://github.com/Mrs4s/BaiduPanDownload/archive/master.zip -O Mrs4s--BaiduPanDownload.zip
https://github.com/Jroland/kafka-net/archive/master.zip -O Jroland--kafka-net.zip
https://github.com/jacobdufault/fullserializer/archive/master.zip -O jacobdufault--fullserializer.zip
https://github.com/imazen/resizer/archive/master.zip -O imazen--resizer.zip
https://github.com/richhickey/clojure-clr/archive/master.zip -O richhickey--clojure-clr.zip
https://github.com/encog/encog-dotnet-core/archive/master.zip -O encog--encog-dotnet-core.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/VSSDK-Extensibility-Samples/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--VSSDK-Extensibility-Samples.zip
https://github.com/ccnet/CruiseControl.NET/archive/master.zip -O ccnet--CruiseControl.NET.zip
https://github.com/Baste-RainGames/Node_Editor/archive/master.zip -O Baste-RainGames--Node_Editor.zip
https://github.com/ddobrev/QtSharp/archive/master.zip -O ddobrev--QtSharp.zip
https://github.com/MITGameLab/OpenRelativity/archive/master.zip -O MITGameLab--OpenRelativity.zip
https://github.com/jonwagner/Insight.Database/archive/master.zip -O jonwagner--Insight.Database.zip
https://github.com/Azure-Readiness/DevCamp/archive/master.zip -O Azure-Readiness--DevCamp.zip
https://github.com/Kwoth/NadekoBot/archive/master.zip -O Kwoth--NadekoBot.zip
https://github.com/sendgrid/sendgrid-csharp/archive/master.zip -O sendgrid--sendgrid-csharp.zip
https://github.com/rogeralsing/Microphone/archive/master.zip -O rogeralsing--Microphone.zip
https://github.com/RolandPheasant/DynamicData/archive/master.zip -O RolandPheasant--DynamicData.zip
https://github.com/NSwag/NSwag/archive/master.zip -O NSwag--NSwag.zip
https://github.com/CartBlanche/MonoGame-Samples/archive/master.zip -O CartBlanche--MonoGame-Samples.zip
https://github.com/aelij/RoslynPad/archive/master.zip -O aelij--RoslynPad.zip
https://github.com/xanathar/moonsharp/archive/master.zip -O xanathar--moonsharp.zip
https://github.com/TEdit/Terraria-Map-Editor/archive/master.zip -O TEdit--Terraria-Map-Editor.zip
https://github.com/petabridge/NBench/archive/master.zip -O petabridge--NBench.zip
https://github.com/madskristensen/WebEssentials2015/archive/master.zip -O madskristensen--WebEssentials2015.zip
https://github.com/tathamoddie/System.IO.Abstractions/archive/master.zip -O tathamoddie--System.IO.Abstractions.zip
https://github.com/KirillOsenkov/SourceBrowser/archive/master.zip -O KirillOsenkov--SourceBrowser.zip
https://github.com/conceptdev/xamarin-forms-samples/archive/master.zip -O conceptdev--xamarin-forms-samples.zip
https://github.com/mspnp/performance-optimization/archive/master.zip -O mspnp--performance-optimization.zip
https://github.com/mehdime/DbContextScope/archive/master.zip -O mehdime--DbContextScope.zip
https://github.com/codebude/QRCoder/archive/master.zip -O codebude--QRCoder.zip
https://github.com/mxgmn/ConvChain/archive/master.zip -O mxgmn--ConvChain.zip
https://github.com/PowerShell/PSScriptAnalyzer/archive/master.zip -O PowerShell--PSScriptAnalyzer.zip
https://github.com/ArthurHub/HTML-Renderer/archive/master.zip -O ArthurHub--HTML-Renderer.zip
https://github.com/sethjuarez/numl/archive/master.zip -O sethjuarez--numl.zip
https://github.com/SimpleAuthentication/SimpleAuthentication/archive/master.zip -O SimpleAuthentication--SimpleAuthentication.zip
https://github.com/webgio/Rotativa/archive/master.zip -O webgio--Rotativa.zip
https://github.com/unity3d-jp/FrameCapturer/archive/master.zip -O unity3d-jp--FrameCapturer.zip
https://github.com/fixie/fixie/archive/master.zip -O fixie--fixie.zip
https://github.com/ziyasal/FireSharp/archive/master.zip -O ziyasal--FireSharp.zip
https://github.com/NETMF/netmf-interpreter/archive/master.zip -O NETMF--netmf-interpreter.zip
https://github.com/BrightstarDB/BrightstarDB/archive/master.zip -O BrightstarDB--BrightstarDB.zip
https://github.com/tjoudeh/AspNetIdentity.WebApi/archive/master.zip -O tjoudeh--AspNetIdentity.WebApi.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/CSharpClient-for-Kafka/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--CSharpClient-for-Kafka.zip
https://github.com/jaquadro/NBTExplorer/archive/master.zip -O jaquadro--NBTExplorer.zip
https://github.com/luberda-molinet/FFImageLoading/archive/master.zip -O luberda-molinet--FFImageLoading.zip
https://github.com/Saltarelle/SaltarelleCompiler/archive/master.zip -O Saltarelle--SaltarelleCompiler.zip
https://github.com/madskristensen/ShortcutExporter/archive/master.zip -O madskristensen--ShortcutExporter.zip
https://github.com/TaoK/PoorMansTSqlFormatter/archive/master.zip -O TaoK--PoorMansTSqlFormatter.zip
https://github.com/onevcat/XUPorter/archive/master.zip -O onevcat--XUPorter.zip
https://github.com/erichexter/twitter.bootstrap.mvc/archive/master.zip -O erichexter--twitter.bootstrap.mvc.zip
https://github.com/OData/WebApi/archive/master.zip -O OData--WebApi.zip
https://github.com/VaughnVernon/IDDD_Samples_NET/archive/master.zip -O VaughnVernon--IDDD_Samples_NET.zip
https://github.com/GitTools/GitLink/archive/master.zip -O GitTools--GitLink.zip
https://github.com/Kinect/RoomAliveToolkit/archive/master.zip -O Kinect--RoomAliveToolkit.zip
https://github.com/rabbitmq/rabbitmq-dotnet-client/archive/master.zip -O rabbitmq--rabbitmq-dotnet-client.zip
https://github.com/ergenekonyigit/Numerical-Analysis-Examples/archive/master.zip -O ergenekonyigit--Numerical-Analysis-Examples.zip
https://github.com/antonpantev/unity-movement-ai/archive/master.zip -O antonpantev--unity-movement-ai.zip
https://github.com/itext/itextsharp/archive/master.zip -O itext--itextsharp.zip
https://github.com/config-r/config-r/archive/master.zip -O config-r--config-r.zip
https://github.com/mrward/monodevelop-nuget-addin/archive/master.zip -O mrward--monodevelop-nuget-addin.zip
https://github.com/googlesamples/tango-examples-unity/archive/master.zip -O googlesamples--tango-examples-unity.zip
https://github.com/srkirkland/DataAnnotationsExtensions/archive/master.zip -O srkirkland--DataAnnotationsExtensions.zip
https://github.com/filipw/apress-recipes-webapi/archive/master.zip -O filipw--apress-recipes-webapi.zip
https://github.com/milkshakesoftware/PreMailer.Net/archive/master.zip -O milkshakesoftware--PreMailer.Net.zip
https://github.com/benrhughes/todotxt.net/archive/master.zip -O benrhughes--todotxt.net.zip
https://github.com/ivaylokenov/MyTested.WebApi/archive/master.zip -O ivaylokenov--MyTested.WebApi.zip
https://github.com/blowdart/AspNetAuthorizationWorkshop/archive/master.zip -O blowdart--AspNetAuthorizationWorkshop.zip
https://github.com/polyethene/IronAHK/archive/master.zip -O polyethene--IronAHK.zip
https://github.com/tangxuehua/equeue/archive/master.zip -O tangxuehua--equeue.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/Logging/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--Logging.zip
https://github.com/SirCmpwn/RedditSharp/archive/master.zip -O SirCmpwn--RedditSharp.zip
https://github.com/jrusbatch/compilify/archive/master.zip -O jrusbatch--compilify.zip
https://github.com/pythonnet/pythonnet/archive/master.zip -O pythonnet--pythonnet.zip
https://github.com/andyedinborough/aenetmail/archive/master.zip -O andyedinborough--aenetmail.zip
https://github.com/Olivine-Labs/Alchemy-Websockets/archive/master.zip -O Olivine-Labs--Alchemy-Websockets.zip
https://github.com/repetier/Repetier-Host/archive/master.zip -O repetier--Repetier-Host.zip
https://github.com/daveaglick/Scripty/archive/master.zip -O daveaglick--Scripty.zip
https://github.com/wixtoolset/wix3/archive/master.zip -O wixtoolset--wix3.zip
https://github.com/acgessler/open3mod/archive/master.zip -O acgessler--open3mod.zip
https://github.com/Ninputer/VBF/archive/master.zip -O Ninputer--VBF.zip
https://github.com/ChangemakerStudios/Papercut/archive/master.zip -O ChangemakerStudios--Papercut.zip
https://github.com/vexe/VFW/archive/master.zip -O vexe--VFW.zip
https://github.com/JaCraig/Craig-s-Utility-Library/archive/master.zip -O JaCraig--Craig-s-Utility-Library.zip
https://github.com/unity3d-jp/AssetGraph/archive/master.zip -O unity3d-jp--AssetGraph.zip
https://github.com/koczkatamas/CVE-2016-0051/archive/master.zip -O koczkatamas--CVE-2016-0051.zip
https://github.com/dwmkerr/sharpshell/archive/master.zip -O dwmkerr--sharpshell.zip
https://github.com/rubberduck-vba/Rubberduck/archive/master.zip -O rubberduck-vba--Rubberduck.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/PartsUnlimited/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--PartsUnlimited.zip
https://github.com/David20321/FTJ/archive/master.zip -O David20321--FTJ.zip
https://github.com/davidfowl/Channels/archive/master.zip -O davidfowl--Channels.zip
https://github.com/ericdc1/Dapper.SimpleCRUD/archive/master.zip -O ericdc1--Dapper.SimpleCRUD.zip
https://github.com/Banbury/UnitySpritesAndBones/archive/master.zip -O Banbury--UnitySpritesAndBones.zip
https://github.com/MetacoSA/NBitcoin/archive/master.zip -O MetacoSA--NBitcoin.zip
https://github.com/vsco/keys/archive/master.zip -O vsco--keys.zip
https://github.com/zeromq/clrzmq/archive/master.zip -O zeromq--clrzmq.zip
https://github.com/lbv/litjson/archive/master.zip -O lbv--litjson.zip
https://github.com/abbyysdk/ocrsdk.com/archive/master.zip -O abbyysdk--ocrsdk.com.zip
https://github.com/prime31/Nez/archive/master.zip -O prime31--Nez.zip
https://github.com/NuGet/WebBackgrounder/archive/master.zip -O NuGet--WebBackgrounder.zip
https://github.com/mono/monomac/archive/master.zip -O mono--monomac.zip
https://github.com/rxtur/BlogEngine.NET/archive/master.zip -O rxtur--BlogEngine.NET.zip
https://github.com/xamarin/Xamarin.Auth/archive/master.zip -O xamarin--Xamarin.Auth.zip
https://github.com/Quobject/SocketIoClientDotNet/archive/master.zip -O Quobject--SocketIoClientDotNet.zip
https://github.com/chocolatey/ChocolateyGUI/archive/master.zip -O chocolatey--ChocolateyGUI.zip
https://github.com/mikehadlow/AsmSpy/archive/master.zip -O mikehadlow--AsmSpy.zip
https://github.com/floatinghotpot/cordova-plugin-admob/archive/master.zip -O floatinghotpot--cordova-plugin-admob.zip
https://github.com/moq/moq/archive/master.zip -O moq--moq.zip
https://github.com/vvvv/SVG/archive/master.zip -O vvvv--SVG.zip
https://github.com/Redth/APNS-Sharp/archive/master.zip -O Redth--APNS-Sharp.zip
https://github.com/magicdict/MongoCola/archive/master.zip -O magicdict--MongoCola.zip
https://github.com/Chman/Moments/archive/master.zip -O Chman--Moments.zip
https://github.com/NuGetPackageExplorer/NuGetPackageExplorer/archive/master.zip -O NuGetPackageExplorer--NuGetPackageExplorer.zip
https://github.com/dnauck/Portable.Licensing/archive/master.zip -O dnauck--Portable.Licensing.zip
https://github.com/DEVSENSE/Phalanger/archive/master.zip -O DEVSENSE--Phalanger.zip
https://github.com/ChrisFulstow/NBlog/archive/master.zip -O ChrisFulstow--NBlog.zip
https://github.com/jason-roberts/FeatureToggle/archive/master.zip -O jason-roberts--FeatureToggle.zip
https://github.com/TinyMapper/TinyMapper/archive/master.zip -O TinyMapper--TinyMapper.zip
https://github.com/kerryjiang/WebSocket4Net/archive/master.zip -O kerryjiang--WebSocket4Net.zip
https://github.com/dnnsoftware/Dnn.Platform/archive/master.zip -O dnnsoftware--Dnn.Platform.zip
https://github.com/petabridge/akkadotnet-code-samples/archive/master.zip -O petabridge--akkadotnet-code-samples.zip
https://github.com/JuhaKiili/RagePixel/archive/master.zip -O JuhaKiili--RagePixel.zip
https://github.com/unity3d-jp/unitychan-crs/archive/master.zip -O unity3d-jp--unitychan-crs.zip
https://github.com/moserware/Skills/archive/master.zip -O moserware--Skills.zip
https://github.com/Noxwizard/dnscrypt-winclient/archive/master.zip -O Noxwizard--dnscrypt-winclient.zip
https://github.com/edumentab/cqrs-starter-kit/archive/master.zip -O edumentab--cqrs-starter-kit.zip
https://github.com/jacobslusser/ScintillaNET/archive/master.zip -O jacobslusser--ScintillaNET.zip
https://github.com/HtmlTags/htmltags/archive/master.zip -O HtmlTags--htmltags.zip
https://github.com/google/sandbox-attacksurface-analysis-tools/archive/master.zip -O google--sandbox-attacksurface-analysis-tools.zip
https://github.com/kg/ilwasm/archive/master.zip -O kg--ilwasm.zip
https://github.com/googleanalytics/google-analytics-plugin-for-unity/archive/master.zip -O googleanalytics--google-analytics-plugin-for-unity.zip
https://github.com/Kooboo/CMS/archive/master.zip -O Kooboo--CMS.zip
https://github.com/jaredhaight/PSAttack/archive/master.zip -O jaredhaight--PSAttack.zip
https://github.com/zlzforever/DotnetSpider/archive/master.zip -O zlzforever--DotnetSpider.zip
https://github.com/flibitijibibo/SDL2-CS/archive/master.zip -O flibitijibibo--SDL2-CS.zip
https://github.com/IdentityModel/AuthorizationServer/archive/master.zip -O IdentityModel--AuthorizationServer.zip
https://github.com/paolosalvatori/ServiceBusExplorer/archive/master.zip -O paolosalvatori--ServiceBusExplorer.zip
https://github.com/darkoperator/Posh-SSH/archive/master.zip -O darkoperator--Posh-SSH.zip
https://github.com/daxnet/Apworks/archive/master.zip -O daxnet--Apworks.zip
https://github.com/SparkViewEngine/spark/archive/master.zip -O SparkViewEngine--spark.zip
https://github.com/stackia/DNSAgent/archive/master.zip -O stackia--DNSAgent.zip
https://github.com/thepirat000/Audit.NET/archive/master.zip -O thepirat000--Audit.NET.zip
https://github.com/cplotts/snoopwpf/archive/master.zip -O cplotts--snoopwpf.zip
https://github.com/xen2/SharpLang/archive/master.zip -O xen2--SharpLang.zip
https://github.com/bcgit/bc-csharp/archive/master.zip -O bcgit--bc-csharp.zip
https://github.com/cjacobwade/HelpfulScripts/archive/master.zip -O cjacobwade--HelpfulScripts.zip
https://github.com/GuillaumeSalles/redux.NET/archive/master.zip -O GuillaumeSalles--redux.NET.zip
https://github.com/ninject/Ninject.Web.Mvc/archive/master.zip -O ninject--Ninject.Web.Mvc.zip
https://github.com/codecoding/SQLite4Unity3d/archive/master.zip -O codecoding--SQLite4Unity3d.zip
https://github.com/gautema/CQRSlite/archive/master.zip -O gautema--CQRSlite.zip
https://github.com/rogeralsing/Wire/archive/master.zip -O rogeralsing--Wire.zip
https://github.com/phatboyg/Stact/archive/master.zip -O phatboyg--Stact.zip
https://github.com/SharpRepository/SharpRepository/archive/master.zip -O SharpRepository--SharpRepository.zip
https://github.com/kerryjiang/SuperWebSocket/archive/master.zip -O kerryjiang--SuperWebSocket.zip
https://github.com/0xd4d/dnlib/archive/master.zip -O 0xd4d--dnlib.zip
https://github.com/octgn/OCTGN/archive/master.zip -O octgn--OCTGN.zip
https://github.com/jorgegarcia/UnityOSC/archive/master.zip -O jorgegarcia--UnityOSC.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/Caching/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--Caching.zip
https://github.com/adamabdelhamed/PowerArgs/archive/master.zip -O adamabdelhamed--PowerArgs.zip
https://github.com/paypal/PayPal-NET-SDK/archive/master.zip -O paypal--PayPal-NET-SDK.zip
https://github.com/markrendle/Simple.Web/archive/master.zip -O markrendle--Simple.Web.zip
https://github.com/danielpalme/IocPerformance/archive/master.zip -O danielpalme--IocPerformance.zip
https://github.com/apaka/win-sshfs/archive/master.zip -O apaka--win-sshfs.zip
https://github.com/OfficeDev/ews-managed-api/archive/master.zip -O OfficeDev--ews-managed-api.zip
https://github.com/mono/SkiaSharp/archive/master.zip -O mono--SkiaSharp.zip
https://github.com/scottrippey/SmartFormat.NET/archive/master.zip -O scottrippey--SmartFormat.NET.zip
https://github.com/AArnott/IronPigeon/archive/master.zip -O AArnott--IronPigeon.zip
https://github.com/alexbeletsky/elmah-mvc/archive/master.zip -O alexbeletsky--elmah-mvc.zip
https://github.com/igor-tkachev/bltoolkit/archive/master.zip -O igor-tkachev--bltoolkit.zip
https://github.com/ayende/rhino-mocks/archive/master.zip -O ayende--rhino-mocks.zip
https://github.com/RogueException/Discord.Net/archive/master.zip -O RogueException--Discord.Net.zip
https://github.com/KSP-KOS/KOS/archive/master.zip -O KSP-KOS--KOS.zip
https://github.com/cjddmut/Unity-2D-Platformer-Controller/archive/master.zip -O cjddmut--Unity-2D-Platformer-Controller.zip
https://github.com/bitwarden/core/archive/master.zip -O bitwarden--core.zip
https://github.com/benfoster/Fabrik.Common/archive/master.zip -O benfoster--Fabrik.Common.zip
https://github.com/NiclasOlofsson/MiNET/archive/master.zip -O NiclasOlofsson--MiNET.zip
https://github.com/i66soft/osharp/archive/master.zip -O i66soft--osharp.zip
https://github.com/Wyamio/Wyam/archive/master.zip -O Wyamio--Wyam.zip
https://github.com/CoderLine/alphaTab/archive/master.zip -O CoderLine--alphaTab.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/live.asp.net/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--live.asp.net.zip
https://github.com/mikefourie/MSBuildExtensionPack/archive/master.zip -O mikefourie--MSBuildExtensionPack.zip
https://github.com/gmarland/GhostRunner/archive/master.zip -O gmarland--GhostRunner.zip
https://github.com/deplinenoise/ig-memtrace/archive/master.zip -O deplinenoise--ig-memtrace.zip
https://github.com/stramit/SSE/archive/master.zip -O stramit--SSE.zip
https://github.com/craftworkgames/MonoGame.Extended/archive/master.zip -O craftworkgames--MonoGame.Extended.zip
https://github.com/chsakell/aspnet5-angular2-typescript/archive/master.zip -O chsakell--aspnet5-angular2-typescript.zip
https://github.com/aspnet-contrib/AspNet.Security.OpenIdConnect.Server/archive/master.zip -O aspnet-contrib--AspNet.Security.OpenIdConnect.Server.zip
https://github.com/Chman/SMAA/archive/master.zip -O Chman--SMAA.zip
https://github.com/Tlaster/YourAV/archive/master.zip -O Tlaster--YourAV.zip
https://github.com/keijiro/Reaktion/archive/master.zip -O keijiro--Reaktion.zip
https://github.com/sshnet/SSH.NET/archive/master.zip -O sshnet--SSH.NET.zip
https://github.com/cypherkey/RaspberryPi.Net/archive/master.zip -O cypherkey--RaspberryPi.Net.zip
https://github.com/vc3/Afterthought/archive/master.zip -O vc3--Afterthought.zip
https://github.com/d-haxton/HaxtonBot/archive/master.zip -O d-haxton--HaxtonBot.zip
https://github.com/InvertGames/uFrame-MVVM/archive/master.zip -O InvertGames--uFrame-MVVM.zip
https://github.com/ekonbenefits/impromptu-interface/archive/master.zip -O ekonbenefits--impromptu-interface.zip
https://github.com/artoolkit/arunity5/archive/master.zip -O artoolkit--arunity5.zip
https://github.com/helix-toolkit/helix-toolkit/archive/master.zip -O helix-toolkit--helix-toolkit.zip
https://github.com/mono/ngit/archive/master.zip -O mono--ngit.zip
https://github.com/mono/gtk-sharp/archive/master.zip -O mono--gtk-sharp.zip
https://github.com/sunkaixuan/SqlSugar/archive/master.zip -O sunkaixuan--SqlSugar.zip
https://github.com/mfenniak/rethinkdb-net/archive/master.zip -O mfenniak--rethinkdb-net.zip
https://github.com/MRCollective/ChameleonForms/archive/master.zip -O MRCollective--ChameleonForms.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/Docker.DotNet/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--Docker.DotNet.zip
https://github.com/Haacked/CodeHaacks/archive/master.zip -O Haacked--CodeHaacks.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/cli-samples/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--cli-samples.zip
https://github.com/SirCmpwn/Craft.Net/archive/master.zip -O SirCmpwn--Craft.Net.zip
https://github.com/ChrisMissal/Formo/archive/master.zip -O ChrisMissal--Formo.zip
https://github.com/mwrock/RequestReduce/archive/master.zip -O mwrock--RequestReduce.zip
https://github.com/wolfgarbe/symspell/archive/master.zip -O wolfgarbe--symspell.zip
https://github.com/martijnboland/MvcPaging/archive/master.zip -O martijnboland--MvcPaging.zip
https://github.com/Seanba/Tiled2Unity/archive/master.zip -O Seanba--Tiled2Unity.zip
https://github.com/openiddict/openiddict-core/archive/master.zip -O openiddict--openiddict-core.zip
https://github.com/Flafla2/Vive-Teleporter/archive/master.zip -O Flafla2--Vive-Teleporter.zip
https://github.com/fclp/fluent-command-line-parser/archive/master.zip -O fclp--fluent-command-line-parser.zip
https://github.com/Catel/Catel/archive/master.zip -O Catel--Catel.zip
https://github.com/alphaleonis/AlphaFS/archive/master.zip -O alphaleonis--AlphaFS.zip
https://github.com/wakatime/visualstudio-wakatime/archive/master.zip -O wakatime--visualstudio-wakatime.zip
https://github.com/thelinuxlich/artemis_CSharp/archive/master.zip -O thelinuxlich--artemis_CSharp.zip
https://github.com/couchbase/couchbase-lite-net/archive/master.zip -O couchbase--couchbase-lite-net.zip
https://github.com/wixtoolset/wix4/archive/master.zip -O wixtoolset--wix4.zip
https://github.com/dejavusecurity/OutlookPrivacyPlugin/archive/master.zip -O dejavusecurity--OutlookPrivacyPlugin.zip
https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-net/archive/master.zip -O Azure--azure-storage-net.zip
https://github.com/Voxelmetric/Voxelmetric1/archive/master.zip -O Voxelmetric--Voxelmetric1.zip
https://github.com/ivaylokenov/AspNet.Mvc.TypedRouting/archive/master.zip -O ivaylokenov--AspNet.Mvc.TypedRouting.zip
https://github.com/OpenTouryoProject/OpenTouryo/archive/master.zip -O OpenTouryoProject--OpenTouryo.zip
https://github.com/Belphemur/SoundSwitch/archive/master.zip -O Belphemur--SoundSwitch.zip
https://github.com/aumcode/nfx/archive/master.zip -O aumcode--nfx.zip
https://github.com/Sandra/Sandra.Snow/archive/master.zip -O Sandra--Sandra.Snow.zip
https://github.com/DmitryEfimenko/TwitterBootstrapMvc/archive/master.zip -O DmitryEfimenko--TwitterBootstrapMvc.zip
https://github.com/jarjin/LuaFramework_NGUI/archive/master.zip -O jarjin--LuaFramework_NGUI.zip
https://github.com/facebook-csharp-sdk/simple-json/archive/master.zip -O facebook-csharp-sdk--simple-json.zip
https://github.com/keijiro/Klak/archive/master.zip -O keijiro--Klak.zip
https://github.com/ZeBobo5/Vlc.DotNet/archive/master.zip -O ZeBobo5--Vlc.DotNet.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/dafny/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--dafny.zip
https://github.com/ricardojmendez/LibNoise.Unity/archive/master.zip -O ricardojmendez--LibNoise.Unity.zip
https://github.com/Alachisoft/NCache/archive/master.zip -O Alachisoft--NCache.zip
https://github.com/aritchie/acr-xamarin-forms/archive/master.zip -O aritchie--acr-xamarin-forms.zip
https://github.com/AArnott/pinvoke/archive/master.zip -O AArnott--pinvoke.zip
https://github.com/sochix/TLSharp/archive/master.zip -O sochix--TLSharp.zip
https://github.com/MicrosoftResearch/Dryad/archive/master.zip -O MicrosoftResearch--Dryad.zip
https://github.com/NickeManarin/ScreenToGif/archive/master.zip -O NickeManarin--ScreenToGif.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/RTVS/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--RTVS.zip
https://github.com/mmbot/mmbot/archive/master.zip -O mmbot--mmbot.zip
https://github.com/jarjin/SimpleFramework_UGUI/archive/master.zip -O jarjin--SimpleFramework_UGUI.zip
https://github.com/WebMBro/WebMConverter/archive/master.zip -O WebMBro--WebMConverter.zip
https://github.com/Ivony/Jumony/archive/master.zip -O Ivony--Jumony.zip
https://github.com/tenor/RestBus/archive/master.zip -O tenor--RestBus.zip
https://github.com/moserware/AES-Illustrated/archive/master.zip -O moserware--AES-Illustrated.zip
https://github.com/mganss/HtmlSanitizer/archive/master.zip -O mganss--HtmlSanitizer.zip
https://github.com/staffantan/unityglitch/archive/master.zip -O staffantan--unityglitch.zip
https://github.com/bchavez/Bogus/archive/master.zip -O bchavez--Bogus.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/Hosting/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--Hosting.zip
https://github.com/KentorIT/authservices/archive/master.zip -O KentorIT--authservices.zip
https://github.com/fairygui/FairyGUI-unity/archive/master.zip -O fairygui--FairyGUI-unity.zip
https://github.com/d2phap/ImageGlass/archive/master.zip -O d2phap--ImageGlass.zip
https://github.com/Twitterizer/Twitterizer/archive/master.zip -O Twitterizer--Twitterizer.zip
https://github.com/sayedihashimi/slow-cheetah/archive/master.zip -O sayedihashimi--slow-cheetah.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/dotnet-apiport/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--dotnet-apiport.zip
https://github.com/mchidk/BinaryRage/archive/master.zip -O mchidk--BinaryRage.zip
https://github.com/linvi/tweetinvi/archive/master.zip -O linvi--tweetinvi.zip
https://github.com/handcircus/Unity-Resource-Checker/archive/master.zip -O handcircus--Unity-Resource-Checker.zip
https://github.com/datastax/csharp-driver/archive/master.zip -O datastax--csharp-driver.zip
https://github.com/foxglovesec/Potato/archive/master.zip -O foxglovesec--Potato.zip
https://github.com/refactorthis/GraphDiff/archive/master.zip -O refactorthis--GraphDiff.zip
https://github.com/wasteam/waslibs/archive/master.zip -O wasteam--waslibs.zip
https://github.com/Cocos2DXNA/cocos2d-xna/archive/master.zip -O Cocos2DXNA--cocos2d-xna.zip
https://github.com/UnityPatterns/ObjectPool/archive/master.zip -O UnityPatterns--ObjectPool.zip
https://github.com/returnString/DogeSharp/archive/master.zip -O returnString--DogeSharp.zip
https://github.com/flagbug/Espera/archive/master.zip -O flagbug--Espera.zip
https://github.com/chenguanzhou/MarkDownEditor/archive/master.zip -O chenguanzhou--MarkDownEditor.zip
https://github.com/fdiskyou/PowerOPS/archive/master.zip -O fdiskyou--PowerOPS.zip
https://github.com/Cn33liz/p0wnedShell/archive/master.zip -O Cn33liz--p0wnedShell.zip
https://github.com/keijiro/Retro3D/archive/master.zip -O keijiro--Retro3D.zip
https://github.com/lanayotech/vagrant-manager-windows/archive/master.zip -O lanayotech--vagrant-manager-windows.zip
https://github.com/stormtek/unity-rts-demo/archive/master.zip -O stormtek--unity-rts-demo.zip
https://github.com/guryanovev/CrystalQuartz/archive/master.zip -O guryanovev--CrystalQuartz.zip
https://github.com/guryanovev/CrystalQuartz/archive/master.zip -O guryanovev--CrystalQuartz.zip
https://github.com/nant/nant/archive/master.zip -O nant--nant.zip
https://github.com/mgravell/capnproto-net/archive/master.zip -O mgravell--capnproto-net.zip
https://github.com/rexm/Handlebars.Net/archive/master.zip -O rexm--Handlebars.Net.zip
https://github.com/stack72/TeamCitySharp/archive/master.zip -O stack72--TeamCitySharp.zip
https://github.com/crosire/scripthookvdotnet/archive/master.zip -O crosire--scripthookvdotnet.zip
https://github.com/xamarin/Monkey.Robotics/archive/master.zip -O xamarin--Monkey.Robotics.zip
https://github.com/toggl/mobile/archive/master.zip -O toggl--mobile.zip
https://github.com/thinkpixellab/bot/archive/master.zip -O thinkpixellab--bot.zip
https://github.com/tidusjar/PlexRequests.Net/archive/master.zip -O tidusjar--PlexRequests.Net.zip
https://github.com/shuxinqin/Chloe/archive/master.zip -O shuxinqin--Chloe.zip
https://github.com/shawnmclean/Mandrill-dotnet/archive/master.zip -O shawnmclean--Mandrill-dotnet.zip
https://github.com/JamesYing/JCWX/archive/master.zip -O JamesYing--JCWX.zip
https://github.com/pgina/pgina/archive/master.zip -O pgina--pgina.zip
https://github.com/zzzprojects/Z.ExtensionMethods/archive/master.zip -O zzzprojects--Z.ExtensionMethods.zip
https://github.com/stirno/FluentAutomation/archive/master.zip -O stirno--FluentAutomation.zip
https://github.com/telerik/xaml-sdk/archive/master.zip -O telerik--xaml-sdk.zip
https://github.com/raspberry-sharp/raspberry-sharp-io/archive/master.zip -O raspberry-sharp--raspberry-sharp-io.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/WebSockets/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--WebSockets.zip
https://github.com/RazorGenerator/RazorGenerator/archive/master.zip -O RazorGenerator--RazorGenerator.zip
https://github.com/ksasao/Gochiusearch/archive/master.zip -O ksasao--Gochiusearch.zip
https://github.com/phendryx/superputty/archive/master.zip -O phendryx--superputty.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/Entropy/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--Entropy.zip
https://github.com/OData/odata.net/archive/master.zip -O OData--odata.net.zip
https://github.com/NEventStore/CommonDomain-ReadOnly/archive/master.zip -O NEventStore--CommonDomain-ReadOnly.zip
https://github.com/elw00d/consoleframework/archive/master.zip -O elw00d--consoleframework.zip
https://github.com/openrasta/openrasta-stable/archive/master.zip -O openrasta--openrasta-stable.zip
https://github.com/seesharper/LightInject/archive/master.zip -O seesharper--LightInject.zip
https://github.com/ilich/MvcReportViewer/archive/master.zip -O ilich--MvcReportViewer.zip
https://github.com/amirrajan/Oak/archive/master.zip -O amirrajan--Oak.zip
https://github.com/scottksmith95/LINQKit/archive/master.zip -O scottksmith95--LINQKit.zip
https://github.com/EricFreeman/fuck/archive/master.zip -O EricFreeman--fuck.zip
https://github.com/snozbot/fungus/archive/master.zip -O snozbot--fungus.zip
https://github.com/louthy/csharp-monad/archive/master.zip -O louthy--csharp-monad.zip
https://github.com/kwsch/PKHeX/archive/master.zip -O kwsch--PKHeX.zip
https://github.com/MrNerverDie/MiniWeChat-Client/archive/master.zip -O MrNerverDie--MiniWeChat-Client.zip
https://github.com/xamarin/xamarin-forms-book-preview-2/archive/master.zip -O xamarin--xamarin-forms-book-preview-2.zip
https://github.com/andrewkirillov/AForge.NET/archive/master.zip -O andrewkirillov--AForge.NET.zip
https://github.com/dentedpixel/LeanTween/archive/master.zip -O dentedpixel--LeanTween.zip
https://github.com/aritchie/userdialogs/archive/master.zip -O aritchie--userdialogs.zip
https://github.com/praeclarum/Continuous/archive/master.zip -O praeclarum--Continuous.zip
https://github.com/AndreyAkinshin/knockout-mvc/archive/master.zip -O AndreyAkinshin--knockout-mvc.zip
https://github.com/yysun/Git-Source-Control-Provider/archive/master.zip -O yysun--Git-Source-Control-Provider.zip
https://github.com/CenturyLinkCloud/ElasticLINQ/archive/master.zip -O CenturyLinkCloud--ElasticLINQ.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/Appsample-Photosharing/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--Appsample-Photosharing.zip
https://github.com/chummer5a/chummer5a/archive/master.zip -O chummer5a--chummer5a.zip
https://github.com/xamarin/xamarin-forms-book-samples/archive/master.zip -O xamarin--xamarin-forms-book-samples.zip
https://github.com/AndersMalmgren/FreePIE/archive/master.zip -O AndersMalmgren--FreePIE.zip
https://github.com/phatboyg/Magnum/archive/master.zip -O phatboyg--Magnum.zip
https://github.com/sebastienros/yessql/archive/master.zip -O sebastienros--yessql.zip
https://github.com/Azure-Samples/MyDriving/archive/master.zip -O Azure-Samples--MyDriving.zip
https://github.com/spreadsheetlab/XLParser/archive/master.zip -O spreadsheetlab--XLParser.zip
https://github.com/iloire/asp.net-mvc-example-invoicing-app/archive/master.zip -O iloire--asp.net-mvc-example-invoicing-app.zip
https://github.com/sones/sones/archive/master.zip -O sones--sones.zip
https://github.com/socioboard/socioboard-core/archive/master.zip -O socioboard--socioboard-core.zip
https://github.com/MisterJames/GenFu/archive/master.zip -O MisterJames--GenFu.zip
https://github.com/MscrmTools/XrmToolBox/archive/master.zip -O MscrmTools--XrmToolBox.zip
https://github.com/MassTransit/Automatonymous/archive/master.zip -O MassTransit--Automatonymous.zip
https://github.com/TestStack/TestStack.BDDfy/archive/master.zip -O TestStack--TestStack.BDDfy.zip
https://github.com/mhinze/ShortBus/archive/master.zip -O mhinze--ShortBus.zip
https://github.com/maartenba/GoogleAnalyticsTracker/archive/master.zip -O maartenba--GoogleAnalyticsTracker.zip
https://github.com/IronWarrior/SuperCharacterController/archive/master.zip -O IronWarrior--SuperCharacterController.zip
https://github.com/StackExchange/StackExchange.DataExplorer/archive/master.zip -O StackExchange--StackExchange.DataExplorer.zip
https://github.com/FlingOS/FlingOS/archive/master.zip -O FlingOS--FlingOS.zip
https://github.com/xamarin/prebuilt-apps/archive/master.zip -O xamarin--prebuilt-apps.zip
https://github.com/xamarin/Sport/archive/master.zip -O xamarin--Sport.zip
https://github.com/vknet/vk/archive/master.zip -O vknet--vk.zip
https://github.com/Syomus/ProceduralToolkit/archive/master.zip -O Syomus--ProceduralToolkit.zip
https://github.com/jongalloway/MVA-Introduction-to-ASPNET-MVC/archive/master.zip -O jongalloway--MVA-Introduction-to-ASPNET-MVC.zip
https://github.com/pierceboggan/Moments/archive/master.zip -O pierceboggan--Moments.zip
https://github.com/fluentsprings/ExpressMapper/archive/master.zip -O fluentsprings--ExpressMapper.zip
https://github.com/jarjin/SimpleFramework_NGUI/archive/master.zip -O jarjin--SimpleFramework_NGUI.zip
https://github.com/slipster216/VertexPaint/archive/master.zip -O slipster216--VertexPaint.zip
https://github.com/eventflow/EventFlow/archive/master.zip -O eventflow--EventFlow.zip
https://github.com/openrasta/openwrap/archive/master.zip -O openrasta--openwrap.zip
https://github.com/runceel/ReactiveProperty/archive/master.zip -O runceel--ReactiveProperty.zip
https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig-visualstudio/archive/master.zip -O editorconfig--editorconfig-visualstudio.zip
https://github.com/AlloyTeam/Rosin/archive/master.zip -O AlloyTeam--Rosin.zip
https://github.com/dotMorten/WindowsStateTriggers/archive/master.zip -O dotMorten--WindowsStateTriggers.zip
https://github.com/SlightlyMad/VolumetricLights/archive/master.zip -O SlightlyMad--VolumetricLights.zip
https://github.com/chadly/Geocoding.net/archive/master.zip -O chadly--Geocoding.net.zip
https://github.com/citizenmatt/resharper-clippy/archive/master.zip -O citizenmatt--resharper-clippy.zip
https://github.com/dwmkerr/sharpgl/archive/master.zip -O dwmkerr--sharpgl.zip
https://github.com/lightszero/LSharp/archive/master.zip -O lightszero--LSharp.zip
https://github.com/mspnp/semantic-logging/archive/master.zip -O mspnp--semantic-logging.zip
https://github.com/jarjin/uLua/archive/master.zip -O jarjin--uLua.zip
https://github.com/gmamaladze/globalmousekeyhook/archive/master.zip -O gmamaladze--globalmousekeyhook.zip
https://github.com/EraserKing/CloudMusicGear/archive/master.zip -O EraserKing--CloudMusicGear.zip
https://github.com/tiancaihb/WechatExport-iOS/archive/master.zip -O tiancaihb--WechatExport-iOS.zip
https://github.com/Readify/Neo4jClient/archive/master.zip -O Readify--Neo4jClient.zip
https://github.com/SaladLab/Unity3D.IncrementalCompiler/archive/master.zip -O SaladLab--Unity3D.IncrementalCompiler.zip
https://github.com/godarklight/DarkMultiPlayer/archive/master.zip -O godarklight--DarkMultiPlayer.zip
https://github.com/zeh/usfxr/archive/master.zip -O zeh--usfxr.zip
https://github.com/jbogard/Respawn/archive/master.zip -O jbogard--Respawn.zip
https://github.com/Maxx53/SCMBot/archive/master.zip -O Maxx53--SCMBot.zip
https://github.com/mono/roslyn/archive/master.zip -O mono--roslyn.zip
https://github.com/ayende/rhino-etl/archive/master.zip -O ayende--rhino-etl.zip
https://github.com/wojilu/wojilu/archive/master.zip -O wojilu--wojilu.zip
https://github.com/keyboardDrummer/SmartReactives/archive/master.zip -O keyboardDrummer--SmartReactives.zip
https://github.com/JohnnyCrazy/SpotifyAPI-NET/archive/master.zip -O JohnnyCrazy--SpotifyAPI-NET.zip
