https://github.com/facebook/react-native/archive/master.zip -O facebook--react-native.zip
https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/archive/master.zip -O elastic--elasticsearch.zip
https://github.com/ReactiveX/RxJava/archive/master.zip -O ReactiveX--RxJava.zip
https://github.com/square/retrofit/archive/master.zip -O square--retrofit.zip
https://github.com/square/okhttp/archive/master.zip -O square--okhttp.zip
https://github.com/iluwatar/java-design-patterns/archive/master.zip -O iluwatar--java-design-patterns.zip
https://github.com/nostra13/Android-Universal-Image-Loader/archive/master.zip -O nostra13--Android-Universal-Image-Loader.zip
https://github.com/JakeWharton/butterknife/archive/master.zip -O JakeWharton--butterknife.zip
https://github.com/google/guava/archive/master.zip -O google--guava.zip
https://github.com/google/iosched/archive/master.zip -O google--iosched.zip
https://github.com/PhilJay/MPAndroidChart/archive/master.zip -O PhilJay--MPAndroidChart.zip
https://github.com/futurice/android-best-practices/archive/master.zip -O futurice--android-best-practices.zip
https://github.com/greenrobot/EventBus/archive/master.zip -O greenrobot--EventBus.zip
https://github.com/square/picasso/archive/master.zip -O square--picasso.zip
https://github.com/square/leakcanary/archive/master.zip -O square--leakcanary.zip
https://github.com/bumptech/glide/archive/master.zip -O bumptech--glide.zip
https://github.com/facebook/fresco/archive/master.zip -O facebook--fresco.zip
https://github.com/zxing/zxing/archive/master.zip -O zxing--zxing.zip
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-framework/archive/master.zip -O spring-projects--spring-framework.zip
https://github.com/libgdx/libgdx/archive/master.zip -O libgdx--libgdx.zip
https://github.com/jfeinstein10/SlidingMenu/archive/master.zip -O jfeinstein10--SlidingMenu.zip
https://github.com/ReactiveX/RxAndroid/archive/master.zip -O ReactiveX--RxAndroid.zip
https://github.com/loopj/android-async-http/archive/master.zip -O loopj--android-async-http.zip
https://github.com/nathanmarz/storm/archive/master.zip -O nathanmarz--storm.zip
https://github.com/androidannotations/androidannotations/archive/master.zip -O androidannotations--androidannotations.zip
https://github.com/JakeWharton/ViewPagerIndicator/archive/master.zip -O JakeWharton--ViewPagerIndicator.zip
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot/archive/master.zip -O spring-projects--spring-boot.zip
https://github.com/netty/netty/archive/master.zip -O netty--netty.zip
https://github.com/alibaba/weex/archive/master.zip -O alibaba--weex.zip
https://github.com/chrisbanes/PhotoView/archive/master.zip -O chrisbanes--PhotoView.zip
https://github.com/afollestad/material-dialogs/archive/master.zip -O afollestad--material-dialogs.zip
https://github.com/chrisbanes/Android-PullToRefresh/archive/master.zip -O chrisbanes--Android-PullToRefresh.zip
https://github.com/navasmdc/MaterialDesignLibrary/archive/master.zip -O navasmdc--MaterialDesignLibrary.zip
https://github.com/Netflix/Hystrix/archive/master.zip -O Netflix--Hystrix.zip
https://github.com/lgvalle/Material-Animations/archive/master.zip -O lgvalle--Material-Animations.zip
https://github.com/nickbutcher/plaid/archive/master.zip -O nickbutcher--plaid.zip
https://github.com/JakeWharton/ActionBarSherlock/archive/master.zip -O JakeWharton--ActionBarSherlock.zip
https://github.com/HannahMitt/HomeMirror/archive/master.zip -O HannahMitt--HomeMirror.zip
https://github.com/alibaba/fastjson/archive/master.zip -O alibaba--fastjson.zip
https://github.com/daimajia/AndroidSwipeLayout/archive/master.zip -O daimajia--AndroidSwipeLayout.zip
https://github.com/android10/Android-CleanArchitecture/archive/master.zip -O android10--Android-CleanArchitecture.zip
https://github.com/ksoichiro/Android-ObservableScrollView/archive/master.zip -O ksoichiro--Android-ObservableScrollView.zip
https://github.com/googlesamples/android-UniversalMusicPlayer/archive/master.zip -O googlesamples--android-UniversalMusicPlayer.zip
https://github.com/liaohuqiu/android-Ultra-Pull-To-Refresh/archive/master.zip -O liaohuqiu--android-Ultra-Pull-To-Refresh.zip
https://github.com/realm/realm-java/archive/master.zip -O realm--realm-java.zip
https://github.com/JetBrains/kotlin/archive/master.zip -O JetBrains--kotlin.zip
https://github.com/mikepenz/MaterialDrawer/archive/master.zip -O mikepenz--MaterialDrawer.zip
https://github.com/alibaba/dubbo/archive/master.zip -O alibaba--dubbo.zip
https://github.com/facebook/stetho/archive/master.zip -O facebook--stetho.zip
https://github.com/EnterpriseQualityCoding/FizzBuzzEnterpriseEdition/archive/master.zip -O EnterpriseQualityCoding--FizzBuzzEnterpriseEdition.zip
https://github.com/winterbe/java8-tutorial/archive/master.zip -O winterbe--java8-tutorial.zip
https://github.com/daimajia/AndroidViewAnimations/archive/master.zip -O daimajia--AndroidViewAnimations.zip
https://github.com/chrisbanes/cheesesquare/archive/master.zip -O chrisbanes--cheesesquare.zip
https://github.com/greenrobot/greenDAO/archive/master.zip -O greenrobot--greenDAO.zip
https://github.com/google/agera/archive/master.zip -O google--agera.zip
https://github.com/clojure/clojure/archive/master.zip -O clojure--clojure.zip
https://github.com/google/physical-web/archive/master.zip -O google--physical-web.zip
https://github.com/square/dagger/archive/master.zip -O square--dagger.zip
https://github.com/Bearded-Hen/Android-Bootstrap/archive/master.zip -O Bearded-Hen--Android-Bootstrap.zip
https://github.com/astuetz/PagerSlidingTabStrip/archive/master.zip -O astuetz--PagerSlidingTabStrip.zip
https://github.com/umano/AndroidSlidingUpPanel/archive/master.zip -O umano--AndroidSlidingUpPanel.zip
https://github.com/junit-team/junit4/archive/master.zip -O junit-team--junit4.zip
https://github.com/nhaarman/ListViewAnimations/archive/master.zip -O nhaarman--ListViewAnimations.zip
https://github.com/eclipse/vert.x/archive/master.zip -O eclipse--vert.x.zip
https://github.com/florent37/MaterialViewPager/archive/master.zip -O florent37--MaterialViewPager.zip
https://github.com/android/platform_frameworks_base/archive/master.zip -O android--platform_frameworks_base.zip
https://github.com/prestodb/presto/archive/master.zip -O prestodb--presto.zip
https://github.com/Tencent/tinker/archive/master.zip -O Tencent--tinker.zip
https://github.com/hdodenhof/CircleImageView/archive/master.zip -O hdodenhof--CircleImageView.zip
https://github.com/paolorotolo/AppIntro/archive/master.zip -O paolorotolo--AppIntro.zip
https://github.com/google/flexbox-layout/archive/master.zip -O google--flexbox-layout.zip
https://github.com/dropwizard/dropwizard/archive/master.zip -O dropwizard--dropwizard.zip
https://github.com/Blankj/AndroidUtilCode/archive/master.zip -O Blankj--AndroidUtilCode.zip
https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazel/archive/master.zip -O bazelbuild--bazel.zip
https://github.com/perwendel/spark/archive/master.zip -O perwendel--spark.zip
https://github.com/chrisjenx/Calligraphy/archive/master.zip -O chrisjenx--Calligraphy.zip
https://github.com/LMAX-Exchange/disruptor/archive/master.zip -O LMAX-Exchange--disruptor.zip
https://github.com/orhanobut/logger/archive/master.zip -O orhanobut--logger.zip
https://github.com/koush/ion/archive/master.zip -O koush--ion.zip
https://github.com/roughike/BottomBar/archive/master.zip -O roughike--BottomBar.zip
https://github.com/google/ExoPlayer/archive/master.zip -O google--ExoPlayer.zip
https://github.com/Netflix/SimianArmy/archive/master.zip -O Netflix--SimianArmy.zip
https://github.com/wasabeef/recyclerview-animators/archive/master.zip -O wasabeef--recyclerview-animators.zip
https://github.com/Freelander/Android_Data/archive/master.zip -O Freelander--Android_Data.zip
https://github.com/wyouflf/xUtils/archive/master.zip -O wyouflf--xUtils.zip
https://github.com/openzipkin/zipkin/archive/master.zip -O openzipkin--zipkin.zip
https://github.com/alibaba/druid/archive/master.zip -O alibaba--druid.zip
https://github.com/square/otto/archive/master.zip -O square--otto.zip
https://github.com/gabrielemariotti/cardslib/archive/master.zip -O gabrielemariotti--cardslib.zip
https://github.com/cymcsg/UltimateRecyclerView/archive/master.zip -O cymcsg--UltimateRecyclerView.zip
https://github.com/deeplearning4j/deeplearning4j/archive/master.zip -O deeplearning4j--deeplearning4j.zip
https://github.com/google/j2objc/archive/master.zip -O google--j2objc.zip
https://github.com/etsy/AndroidStaggeredGrid/archive/master.zip -O etsy--AndroidStaggeredGrid.zip
https://github.com/dropwizard/metrics/archive/master.zip -O dropwizard--metrics.zip
https://github.com/emilsjolander/StickyListHeaders/archive/master.zip -O emilsjolander--StickyListHeaders.zip
https://github.com/lucasr/twoway-view/archive/master.zip -O lucasr--twoway-view.zip
https://github.com/xetorthio/jedis/archive/master.zip -O xetorthio--jedis.zip
https://github.com/rey5137/material/archive/master.zip -O rey5137--material.zip
https://github.com/amlcurran/ShowcaseView/archive/master.zip -O amlcurran--ShowcaseView.zip
https://github.com/AndroidBootstrap/android-bootstrap/archive/master.zip -O AndroidBootstrap--android-bootstrap.zip
https://github.com/facebook/react-native/archive/master.zip -O facebook--react-native.zip
https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/archive/master.zip -O elastic--elasticsearch.zip
https://github.com/ReactiveX/RxJava/archive/master.zip -O ReactiveX--RxJava.zip
https://github.com/square/retrofit/archive/master.zip -O square--retrofit.zip
https://github.com/square/okhttp/archive/master.zip -O square--okhttp.zip
https://github.com/iluwatar/java-design-patterns/archive/master.zip -O iluwatar--java-design-patterns.zip
https://github.com/nostra13/Android-Universal-Image-Loader/archive/master.zip -O nostra13--Android-Universal-Image-Loader.zip
https://github.com/JakeWharton/butterknife/archive/master.zip -O JakeWharton--butterknife.zip
https://github.com/google/guava/archive/master.zip -O google--guava.zip
https://github.com/google/iosched/archive/master.zip -O google--iosched.zip
https://github.com/PhilJay/MPAndroidChart/archive/master.zip -O PhilJay--MPAndroidChart.zip
https://github.com/futurice/android-best-practices/archive/master.zip -O futurice--android-best-practices.zip
https://github.com/greenrobot/EventBus/archive/master.zip -O greenrobot--EventBus.zip
https://github.com/square/picasso/archive/master.zip -O square--picasso.zip
https://github.com/square/leakcanary/archive/master.zip -O square--leakcanary.zip
https://github.com/bumptech/glide/archive/master.zip -O bumptech--glide.zip
https://github.com/facebook/fresco/archive/master.zip -O facebook--fresco.zip
https://github.com/zxing/zxing/archive/master.zip -O zxing--zxing.zip
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-framework/archive/master.zip -O spring-projects--spring-framework.zip
https://github.com/libgdx/libgdx/archive/master.zip -O libgdx--libgdx.zip
https://github.com/jfeinstein10/SlidingMenu/archive/master.zip -O jfeinstein10--SlidingMenu.zip
https://github.com/ReactiveX/RxAndroid/archive/master.zip -O ReactiveX--RxAndroid.zip
https://github.com/loopj/android-async-http/archive/master.zip -O loopj--android-async-http.zip
https://github.com/nathanmarz/storm/archive/master.zip -O nathanmarz--storm.zip
https://github.com/androidannotations/androidannotations/archive/master.zip -O androidannotations--androidannotations.zip
https://github.com/JakeWharton/ViewPagerIndicator/archive/master.zip -O JakeWharton--ViewPagerIndicator.zip
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot/archive/master.zip -O spring-projects--spring-boot.zip
https://github.com/netty/netty/archive/master.zip -O netty--netty.zip
https://github.com/alibaba/weex/archive/master.zip -O alibaba--weex.zip
https://github.com/chrisbanes/PhotoView/archive/master.zip -O chrisbanes--PhotoView.zip
https://github.com/afollestad/material-dialogs/archive/master.zip -O afollestad--material-dialogs.zip
https://github.com/chrisbanes/Android-PullToRefresh/archive/master.zip -O chrisbanes--Android-PullToRefresh.zip
https://github.com/navasmdc/MaterialDesignLibrary/archive/master.zip -O navasmdc--MaterialDesignLibrary.zip
https://github.com/Netflix/Hystrix/archive/master.zip -O Netflix--Hystrix.zip
https://github.com/lgvalle/Material-Animations/archive/master.zip -O lgvalle--Material-Animations.zip
https://github.com/nickbutcher/plaid/archive/master.zip -O nickbutcher--plaid.zip
https://github.com/JakeWharton/ActionBarSherlock/archive/master.zip -O JakeWharton--ActionBarSherlock.zip
https://github.com/HannahMitt/HomeMirror/archive/master.zip -O HannahMitt--HomeMirror.zip
https://github.com/alibaba/fastjson/archive/master.zip -O alibaba--fastjson.zip
https://github.com/daimajia/AndroidSwipeLayout/archive/master.zip -O daimajia--AndroidSwipeLayout.zip
https://github.com/android10/Android-CleanArchitecture/archive/master.zip -O android10--Android-CleanArchitecture.zip
https://github.com/ksoichiro/Android-ObservableScrollView/archive/master.zip -O ksoichiro--Android-ObservableScrollView.zip
https://github.com/googlesamples/android-UniversalMusicPlayer/archive/master.zip -O googlesamples--android-UniversalMusicPlayer.zip
https://github.com/liaohuqiu/android-Ultra-Pull-To-Refresh/archive/master.zip -O liaohuqiu--android-Ultra-Pull-To-Refresh.zip
https://github.com/realm/realm-java/archive/master.zip -O realm--realm-java.zip
https://github.com/JetBrains/kotlin/archive/master.zip -O JetBrains--kotlin.zip
https://github.com/mikepenz/MaterialDrawer/archive/master.zip -O mikepenz--MaterialDrawer.zip
https://github.com/alibaba/dubbo/archive/master.zip -O alibaba--dubbo.zip
https://github.com/facebook/stetho/archive/master.zip -O facebook--stetho.zip
https://github.com/EnterpriseQualityCoding/FizzBuzzEnterpriseEdition/archive/master.zip -O EnterpriseQualityCoding--FizzBuzzEnterpriseEdition.zip
https://github.com/winterbe/java8-tutorial/archive/master.zip -O winterbe--java8-tutorial.zip
https://github.com/daimajia/AndroidViewAnimations/archive/master.zip -O daimajia--AndroidViewAnimations.zip
https://github.com/chrisbanes/cheesesquare/archive/master.zip -O chrisbanes--cheesesquare.zip
https://github.com/greenrobot/greenDAO/archive/master.zip -O greenrobot--greenDAO.zip
https://github.com/google/agera/archive/master.zip -O google--agera.zip
https://github.com/clojure/clojure/archive/master.zip -O clojure--clojure.zip
https://github.com/google/physical-web/archive/master.zip -O google--physical-web.zip
https://github.com/square/dagger/archive/master.zip -O square--dagger.zip
https://github.com/Bearded-Hen/Android-Bootstrap/archive/master.zip -O Bearded-Hen--Android-Bootstrap.zip
https://github.com/astuetz/PagerSlidingTabStrip/archive/master.zip -O astuetz--PagerSlidingTabStrip.zip
https://github.com/umano/AndroidSlidingUpPanel/archive/master.zip -O umano--AndroidSlidingUpPanel.zip
https://github.com/junit-team/junit4/archive/master.zip -O junit-team--junit4.zip
https://github.com/nhaarman/ListViewAnimations/archive/master.zip -O nhaarman--ListViewAnimations.zip
https://github.com/eclipse/vert.x/archive/master.zip -O eclipse--vert.x.zip
https://github.com/florent37/MaterialViewPager/archive/master.zip -O florent37--MaterialViewPager.zip
https://github.com/android/platform_frameworks_base/archive/master.zip -O android--platform_frameworks_base.zip
https://github.com/Tencent/tinker/archive/master.zip -O Tencent--tinker.zip
https://github.com/prestodb/presto/archive/master.zip -O prestodb--presto.zip
https://github.com/hdodenhof/CircleImageView/archive/master.zip -O hdodenhof--CircleImageView.zip
https://github.com/paolorotolo/AppIntro/archive/master.zip -O paolorotolo--AppIntro.zip
https://github.com/google/flexbox-layout/archive/master.zip -O google--flexbox-layout.zip
https://github.com/dropwizard/dropwizard/archive/master.zip -O dropwizard--dropwizard.zip
https://github.com/Blankj/AndroidUtilCode/archive/master.zip -O Blankj--AndroidUtilCode.zip
https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazel/archive/master.zip -O bazelbuild--bazel.zip
https://github.com/perwendel/spark/archive/master.zip -O perwendel--spark.zip
https://github.com/chrisjenx/Calligraphy/archive/master.zip -O chrisjenx--Calligraphy.zip
https://github.com/LMAX-Exchange/disruptor/archive/master.zip -O LMAX-Exchange--disruptor.zip
https://github.com/orhanobut/logger/archive/master.zip -O orhanobut--logger.zip
https://github.com/koush/ion/archive/master.zip -O koush--ion.zip
https://github.com/roughike/BottomBar/archive/master.zip -O roughike--BottomBar.zip
https://github.com/google/ExoPlayer/archive/master.zip -O google--ExoPlayer.zip
https://github.com/Netflix/SimianArmy/archive/master.zip -O Netflix--SimianArmy.zip
https://github.com/wasabeef/recyclerview-animators/archive/master.zip -O wasabeef--recyclerview-animators.zip
https://github.com/Freelander/Android_Data/archive/master.zip -O Freelander--Android_Data.zip
https://github.com/wyouflf/xUtils/archive/master.zip -O wyouflf--xUtils.zip
https://github.com/openzipkin/zipkin/archive/master.zip -O openzipkin--zipkin.zip
https://github.com/alibaba/druid/archive/master.zip -O alibaba--druid.zip
https://github.com/square/otto/archive/master.zip -O square--otto.zip
https://github.com/gabrielemariotti/cardslib/archive/master.zip -O gabrielemariotti--cardslib.zip
https://github.com/cymcsg/UltimateRecyclerView/archive/master.zip -O cymcsg--UltimateRecyclerView.zip
https://github.com/deeplearning4j/deeplearning4j/archive/master.zip -O deeplearning4j--deeplearning4j.zip
https://github.com/google/j2objc/archive/master.zip -O google--j2objc.zip
https://github.com/etsy/AndroidStaggeredGrid/archive/master.zip -O etsy--AndroidStaggeredGrid.zip
https://github.com/dropwizard/metrics/archive/master.zip -O dropwizard--metrics.zip
https://github.com/emilsjolander/StickyListHeaders/archive/master.zip -O emilsjolander--StickyListHeaders.zip
https://github.com/lucasr/twoway-view/archive/master.zip -O lucasr--twoway-view.zip
https://github.com/xetorthio/jedis/archive/master.zip -O xetorthio--jedis.zip
https://github.com/rey5137/material/archive/master.zip -O rey5137--material.zip
https://github.com/amlcurran/ShowcaseView/archive/master.zip -O amlcurran--ShowcaseView.zip
https://github.com/AndroidBootstrap/android-bootstrap/archive/master.zip -O AndroidBootstrap--android-bootstrap.zip
https://github.com/pedrovgs/EffectiveAndroidUI/archive/master.zip -O pedrovgs--EffectiveAndroidUI.zip
https://github.com/aporter/coursera-android/archive/master.zip -O aporter--coursera-android.zip
https://github.com/JakeWharton/u2020/archive/master.zip -O JakeWharton--u2020.zip
https://github.com/CymChad/BaseRecyclerViewAdapterHelper/archive/master.zip -O CymChad--BaseRecyclerViewAdapterHelper.zip
https://github.com/mcxiaoke/android-volley/archive/master.zip -O mcxiaoke--android-volley.zip
https://github.com/futuresimple/android-floating-action-button/archive/master.zip -O futuresimple--android-floating-action-button.zip
https://github.com/pardom/ActiveAndroid/archive/master.zip -O pardom--ActiveAndroid.zip
https://github.com/sparklemotion/nokogiri/archive/master.zip -O sparklemotion--nokogiri.zip
https://github.com/gradle/gradle/archive/master.zip -O gradle--gradle.zip
https://github.com/google/guice/archive/master.zip -O google--guice.zip
https://github.com/kaushikgopal/RxJava-Android-Samples/archive/master.zip -O kaushikgopal--RxJava-Android-Samples.zip
https://github.com/thinkaurelius/titan/archive/master.zip -O thinkaurelius--titan.zip
https://github.com/OpenRefine/OpenRefine/archive/master.zip -O OpenRefine--OpenRefine.zip
https://github.com/apache/kafka/archive/master.zip -O apache--kafka.zip
https://github.com/DroidPluginTeam/DroidPlugin/archive/master.zip -O DroidPluginTeam--DroidPlugin.zip
https://github.com/Bilibili/DanmakuFlameMaster/archive/master.zip -O Bilibili--DanmakuFlameMaster.zip
https://github.com/claritylab/lucida/archive/master.zip -O claritylab--lucida.zip
https://github.com/JakeWharton/RxBinding/archive/master.zip -O JakeWharton--RxBinding.zip
https://github.com/facebook/facebook-android-sdk/archive/master.zip -O facebook--facebook-android-sdk.zip
https://github.com/Yalantis/uCrop/archive/master.zip -O Yalantis--uCrop.zip
https://github.com/facebook/rebound/archive/master.zip -O facebook--rebound.zip
https://github.com/go-lang-plugin-org/go-lang-idea-plugin/archive/master.zip -O go-lang-plugin-org--go-lang-idea-plugin.zip
https://github.com/google/auto/archive/master.zip -O google--auto.zip
https://github.com/singwhatiwanna/dynamic-load-apk/archive/master.zip -O singwhatiwanna--dynamic-load-apk.zip
https://github.com/druid-io/druid/archive/master.zip -O druid-io--druid.zip
https://github.com/springside/springside4/archive/master.zip -O springside--springside4.zip
https://github.com/evant/gradle-retrolambda/archive/master.zip -O evant--gradle-retrolambda.zip
https://github.com/roboguice/roboguice/archive/master.zip -O roboguice--roboguice.zip
https://github.com/Trinea/android-common/archive/master.zip -O Trinea--android-common.zip
https://github.com/JackyAndroid/AndroidInterview-Q-A/archive/master.zip -O JackyAndroid--AndroidInterview-Q-A.zip
https://github.com/JakeWharton/NineOldAndroids/archive/master.zip -O JakeWharton--NineOldAndroids.zip
https://github.com/JakeWharton/hugo/archive/master.zip -O JakeWharton--hugo.zip
https://github.com/hongyangAndroid/okhttputils/archive/master.zip -O hongyangAndroid--okhttputils.zip
https://github.com/koush/AndroidAsync/archive/master.zip -O koush--AndroidAsync.zip
https://github.com/traex/RippleEffect/archive/master.zip -O traex--RippleEffect.zip
https://github.com/googlesamples/android-topeka/archive/master.zip -O googlesamples--android-topeka.zip
https://github.com/geeeeeeeeek/WeChatLuckyMoney/archive/master.zip -O geeeeeeeeek--WeChatLuckyMoney.zip
https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-core/archive/master.zip -O swagger-api--swagger-core.zip
https://github.com/81813780/AVLoadingIndicatorView/archive/master.zip -O 81813780--AVLoadingIndicatorView.zip
https://github.com/scribejava/scribejava/archive/master.zip -O scribejava--scribejava.zip
https://github.com/pedant/sweet-alert-dialog/archive/master.zip -O pedant--sweet-alert-dialog.zip
https://github.com/apache/storm/archive/master.zip -O apache--storm.zip
https://github.com/koral--/android-gif-drawable/archive/master.zip -O koral----android-gif-drawable.zip
https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-community/archive/master.zip -O JetBrains--intellij-community.zip
https://github.com/makovkastar/FloatingActionButton/archive/master.zip -O makovkastar--FloatingActionButton.zip
https://github.com/daimajia/AndroidImageSlider/archive/master.zip -O daimajia--AndroidImageSlider.zip
https://github.com/dmytrodanylyk/circular-progress-button/archive/master.zip -O dmytrodanylyk--circular-progress-button.zip
https://github.com/iBotPeaches/Apktool/archive/master.zip -O iBotPeaches--Apktool.zip
https://github.com/mybatis/mybatis-3/archive/master.zip -O mybatis--mybatis-3.zip
https://github.com/ikew0ng/SwipeBackLayout/archive/master.zip -O ikew0ng--SwipeBackLayout.zip
https://github.com/brettwooldridge/HikariCP/archive/master.zip -O brettwooldridge--HikariCP.zip
https://github.com/rengwuxian/MaterialEditText/archive/master.zip -O rengwuxian--MaterialEditText.zip
https://github.com/ogaclejapan/SmartTabLayout/archive/master.zip -O ogaclejapan--SmartTabLayout.zip
https://github.com/jhy/jsoup/archive/master.zip -O jhy--jsoup.zip
https://github.com/ChrisRM/material-theme-jetbrains/archive/master.zip -O ChrisRM--material-theme-jetbrains.zip
https://github.com/skylot/jadx/archive/master.zip -O skylot--jadx.zip
https://github.com/mockito/mockito/archive/master.zip -O mockito--mockito.zip
https://github.com/jgilfelt/SystemBarTint/archive/master.zip -O jgilfelt--SystemBarTint.zip
https://github.com/yixia/VitamioBundle/archive/master.zip -O yixia--VitamioBundle.zip
https://github.com/airbnb/aerosolve/archive/master.zip -O airbnb--aerosolve.zip
https://github.com/hongyangAndroid/AndroidAutoLayout/archive/master.zip -O hongyangAndroid--AndroidAutoLayout.zip
https://github.com/castorflex/SmoothProgressBar/archive/master.zip -O castorflex--SmoothProgressBar.zip
https://github.com/Yalantis/Side-Menu.Android/archive/master.zip -O Yalantis--Side-Menu.Android.zip
https://github.com/commonsguy/cw-omnibus/archive/master.zip -O commonsguy--cw-omnibus.zip
https://github.com/vinc3m1/RoundedImageView/archive/master.zip -O vinc3m1--RoundedImageView.zip
https://github.com/antoniolg/androidmvp/archive/master.zip -O antoniolg--androidmvp.zip
https://github.com/googlesamples/android-testing/archive/master.zip -O googlesamples--android-testing.zip
https://github.com/code4craft/webmagic/archive/master.zip -O code4craft--webmagic.zip
https://github.com/frogermcs/InstaMaterial/archive/master.zip -O frogermcs--InstaMaterial.zip
https://github.com/eclipse/che/archive/master.zip -O eclipse--che.zip
https://github.com/square/android-times-square/archive/master.zip -O square--android-times-square.zip
https://github.com/Curzibn/Luban/archive/master.zip -O Curzibn--Luban.zip
https://github.com/daimajia/NumberProgressBar/archive/master.zip -O daimajia--NumberProgressBar.zip
https://github.com/chrisbanes/ActionBar-PullToRefresh/archive/master.zip -O chrisbanes--ActionBar-PullToRefresh.zip
https://github.com/lecho/hellocharts-android/archive/master.zip -O lecho--hellocharts-android.zip
https://github.com/ACRA/acra/archive/master.zip -O ACRA--acra.zip
https://github.com/danielzeller/Depth-LIB-Android-/archive/master.zip -O danielzeller--Depth-LIB-Android-.zip
https://github.com/facebook/buck/archive/master.zip -O facebook--buck.zip
https://github.com/alibaba/dexposed/archive/master.zip -O alibaba--dexposed.zip
https://github.com/AsyncHttpClient/async-http-client/archive/master.zip -O AsyncHttpClient--async-http-client.zip
https://github.com/square/sqlbrite/archive/master.zip -O square--sqlbrite.zip
https://github.com/wyouflf/xUtils3/archive/master.zip -O wyouflf--xUtils3.zip
https://github.com/rzwitserloot/lombok/archive/master.zip -O rzwitserloot--lombok.zip
https://github.com/openhab/openhab/archive/master.zip -O openhab--openhab.zip
https://github.com/neo4j/neo4j/archive/master.zip -O neo4j--neo4j.zip
https://github.com/jdamcd/android-crop/archive/master.zip -O jdamcd--android-crop.zip
https://github.com/apache/cassandra/archive/master.zip -O apache--cassandra.zip
https://github.com/JakeWharton/timber/archive/master.zip -O JakeWharton--timber.zip
https://github.com/JakeWharton/DiskLruCache/archive/master.zip -O JakeWharton--DiskLruCache.zip
https://github.com/processing/processing/archive/master.zip -O processing--processing.zip
https://github.com/CyberAgent/android-gpuimage/archive/master.zip -O CyberAgent--android-gpuimage.zip
https://github.com/square/okio/archive/master.zip -O square--okio.zip
https://github.com/chentao0707/SimplifyReader/archive/master.zip -O chentao0707--SimplifyReader.zip
https://github.com/bauerca/drag-sort-listview/archive/master.zip -O bauerca--drag-sort-listview.zip
https://github.com/hotchemi/PermissionsDispatcher/archive/master.zip -O hotchemi--PermissionsDispatcher.zip
https://github.com/keyboardsurfer/Crouton/archive/master.zip -O keyboardsurfer--Crouton.zip
https://github.com/stephanenicolas/robospice/archive/master.zip -O stephanenicolas--robospice.zip
https://github.com/motianhuo/wechat/archive/master.zip -O motianhuo--wechat.zip
https://github.com/actorapp/actor-platform/archive/master.zip -O actorapp--actor-platform.zip
https://github.com/BoltsFramework/Bolts-Android/archive/master.zip -O BoltsFramework--Bolts-Android.zip
https://github.com/Raizlabs/DBFlow/archive/master.zip -O Raizlabs--DBFlow.zip
https://github.com/izzyleung/ZhihuDailyPurify/archive/master.zip -O izzyleung--ZhihuDailyPurify.zip
https://github.com/google/android-classyshark/archive/master.zip -O google--android-classyshark.zip
https://github.com/yahoo/anthelion/archive/master.zip -O yahoo--anthelion.zip
https://github.com/yangfuhai/afinal/archive/master.zip -O yangfuhai--afinal.zip
https://github.com/dropbox/hackpad/archive/master.zip -O dropbox--hackpad.zip
https://github.com/udacity/Sunshine-Version-2/archive/master.zip -O udacity--Sunshine-Version-2.zip
https://github.com/nicolasgramlich/AndEngine/archive/master.zip -O nicolasgramlich--AndEngine.zip
https://github.com/robolectric/robolectric/archive/master.zip -O robolectric--robolectric.zip
https://github.com/haifengl/smile/archive/master.zip -O haifengl--smile.zip
https://github.com/ManuelPeinado/FadingActionBar/archive/master.zip -O ManuelPeinado--FadingActionBar.zip
https://github.com/careercup/ctci/archive/master.zip -O careercup--ctci.zip
https://github.com/Yalantis/Phoenix/archive/master.zip -O Yalantis--Phoenix.zip
https://github.com/k9mail/k-9/archive/master.zip -O k9mail--k-9.zip
https://github.com/google/closure-compiler/archive/master.zip -O google--closure-compiler.zip
https://github.com/alibaba/RocketMQ/archive/master.zip -O alibaba--RocketMQ.zip
https://github.com/drakeet/Meizhi/archive/master.zip -O drakeet--Meizhi.zip
https://github.com/Atmosphere/atmosphere/archive/master.zip -O Atmosphere--atmosphere.zip
https://github.com/romannurik/muzei/archive/master.zip -O romannurik--muzei.zip
https://github.com/orfjackal/retrolambda/archive/master.zip -O orfjackal--retrolambda.zip
https://github.com/Alluxio/alluxio/archive/master.zip -O Alluxio--alluxio.zip
https://github.com/DevLight-Mobile-Agency/InfiniteCycleViewPager/archive/master.zip -O DevLight-Mobile-Agency--InfiniteCycleViewPager.zip
https://github.com/orhanobut/dialogplus/archive/master.zip -O orhanobut--dialogplus.zip
https://github.com/gocd/gocd/archive/master.zip -O gocd--gocd.zip
https://github.com/lingochamp/FileDownloader/archive/master.zip -O lingochamp--FileDownloader.zip
https://github.com/diogobernardino/WilliamChart/archive/master.zip -O diogobernardino--WilliamChart.zip
https://github.com/JoanZapata/android-iconify/archive/master.zip -O JoanZapata--android-iconify.zip
https://github.com/tangqi92/Android-Tips/archive/master.zip -O tangqi92--Android-Tips.zip
https://github.com/orientechnologies/orientdb/archive/master.zip -O orientechnologies--orientdb.zip
https://github.com/SimonVT/android-menudrawer/archive/master.zip -O SimonVT--android-menudrawer.zip
https://github.com/cyrilmottier/GreenDroid/archive/master.zip -O cyrilmottier--GreenDroid.zip
https://github.com/jgilfelt/android-viewbadger/archive/master.zip -O jgilfelt--android-viewbadger.zip
https://github.com/h6ah4i/android-advancedrecyclerview/archive/master.zip -O h6ah4i--android-advancedrecyclerview.zip
https://github.com/bluelinelabs/LoganSquare/archive/master.zip -O bluelinelabs--LoganSquare.zip
https://github.com/java-native-access/jna/archive/master.zip -O java-native-access--jna.zip
https://github.com/saulmm/Android-Material-Examples/archive/master.zip -O saulmm--Android-Material-Examples.zip
https://github.com/hanks-zyh/HTextView/archive/master.zip -O hanks-zyh--HTextView.zip
https://github.com/H07000223/FlycoTabLayout/archive/master.zip -O H07000223--FlycoTabLayout.zip
https://github.com/Flipboard/bottomsheet/archive/master.zip -O Flipboard--bottomsheet.zip
https://github.com/race604/FlyRefresh/archive/master.zip -O race604--FlyRefresh.zip
https://github.com/saiwu-bigkoo/Android-PickerView/archive/master.zip -O saiwu-bigkoo--Android-PickerView.zip
https://github.com/square/javapoet/archive/master.zip -O square--javapoet.zip
https://github.com/johannilsson/android-pulltorefresh/archive/master.zip -O johannilsson--android-pulltorefresh.zip
https://github.com/Yalantis/Context-Menu.Android/archive/master.zip -O Yalantis--Context-Menu.Android.zip
https://github.com/ivacf/archi/archive/master.zip -O ivacf--archi.zip
https://github.com/baoyongzhang/SwipeMenuListView/archive/master.zip -O baoyongzhang--SwipeMenuListView.zip
https://github.com/Vedenin/useful-java-links/archive/master.zip -O Vedenin--useful-java-links.zip
https://github.com/qii/weiciyuan/archive/master.zip -O qii--weiciyuan.zip
https://github.com/alibaba/jstorm/archive/master.zip -O alibaba--jstorm.zip
https://github.com/tyrantgit/ExplosionField/archive/master.zip -O tyrantgit--ExplosionField.zip
https://github.com/twitter/heron/archive/master.zip -O twitter--heron.zip
https://github.com/apache/hadoop/archive/master.zip -O apache--hadoop.zip
https://github.com/sockeqwe/mosby/archive/master.zip -O sockeqwe--mosby.zip
https://github.com/jeasonlzy/okhttp-OkGo/archive/master.zip -O jeasonlzy--okhttp-OkGo.zip
https://github.com/JodaOrg/joda-time/archive/master.zip -O JodaOrg--joda-time.zip
https://github.com/Clans/FloatingActionButton/archive/master.zip -O Clans--FloatingActionButton.zip
https://github.com/shwenzhang/AndResGuard/archive/master.zip -O shwenzhang--AndResGuard.zip
https://github.com/Netflix/eureka/archive/master.zip -O Netflix--eureka.zip
https://github.com/naver/pinpoint/archive/master.zip -O naver--pinpoint.zip
https://github.com/stanfordnlp/CoreNLP/archive/master.zip -O stanfordnlp--CoreNLP.zip
https://github.com/kikoso/android-stackblur/archive/master.zip -O kikoso--android-stackblur.zip
https://github.com/jasonross/Nuwa/archive/master.zip -O jasonross--Nuwa.zip
https://github.com/avast/android-butterknife-zelezny/archive/master.zip -O avast--android-butterknife-zelezny.zip
https://github.com/openaphid/android-flip/archive/master.zip -O openaphid--android-flip.zip
https://github.com/Graylog2/graylog2-server/archive/master.zip -O Graylog2--graylog2-server.zip
https://github.com/real-logic/Aeron/archive/master.zip -O real-logic--Aeron.zip
https://github.com/GcsSloop/AndroidNote/archive/master.zip -O GcsSloop--AndroidNote.zip
https://github.com/DevLight-Mobile-Agency/NavigationTabBar/archive/master.zip -O DevLight-Mobile-Agency--NavigationTabBar.zip
https://github.com/daimajia/AndroidViewHover/archive/master.zip -O daimajia--AndroidViewHover.zip
https://github.com/johncarl81/parceler/archive/master.zip -O johncarl81--parceler.zip
https://github.com/Comcast/FreeFlow/archive/master.zip -O Comcast--FreeFlow.zip
https://github.com/pxb1988/dex2jar/archive/master.zip -O pxb1988--dex2jar.zip
https://github.com/pengjianbo/GalleryFinal/archive/master.zip -O pengjianbo--GalleryFinal.zip
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-mvc-showcase/archive/master.zip -O spring-projects--spring-mvc-showcase.zip
https://github.com/wasabeef/richeditor-android/archive/master.zip -O wasabeef--richeditor-android.zip
https://github.com/timehop/sticky-headers-recyclerview/archive/master.zip -O timehop--sticky-headers-recyclerview.zip
https://github.com/NLPchina/ansj_seg/archive/master.zip -O NLPchina--ansj_seg.zip
https://github.com/trello/RxLifecycle/archive/master.zip -O trello--RxLifecycle.zip
https://github.com/lipangit/JieCaoVideoPlayer/archive/master.zip -O lipangit--JieCaoVideoPlayer.zip
https://github.com/rockerhieu/emojicon/archive/master.zip -O rockerhieu--emojicon.zip
https://github.com/CellularPrivacy/Android-IMSI-Catcher-Detector/archive/master.zip -O CellularPrivacy--Android-IMSI-Catcher-Detector.zip
https://github.com/yinwang0/pysonar2/archive/master.zip -O yinwang0--pysonar2.zip
https://github.com/wequick/Small/archive/master.zip -O wequick--Small.zip
https://github.com/Prototik/HoloEverywhere/archive/master.zip -O Prototik--HoloEverywhere.zip
https://github.com/yui/yuicompressor/archive/master.zip -O yui--yuicompressor.zip
https://github.com/pedrovgs/DraggablePanel/archive/master.zip -O pedrovgs--DraggablePanel.zip
https://github.com/psaravan/JamsMusicPlayer/archive/master.zip -O psaravan--JamsMusicPlayer.zip
https://github.com/jfeinstein10/JazzyViewPager/archive/master.zip -O jfeinstein10--JazzyViewPager.zip
https://github.com/JetBrains/ideavim/archive/master.zip -O JetBrains--ideavim.zip
https://github.com/dmytrodanylyk/android-process-button/archive/master.zip -O dmytrodanylyk--android-process-button.zip
https://github.com/NanoHttpd/nanohttpd/archive/master.zip -O NanoHttpd--nanohttpd.zip
https://github.com/SpecialCyCi/AndroidResideMenu/archive/master.zip -O SpecialCyCi--AndroidResideMenu.zip
https://github.com/typesafehub/config/archive/master.zip -O typesafehub--config.zip
https://github.com/code-troopers/android-betterpickers/archive/master.zip -O code-troopers--android-betterpickers.zip
https://github.com/kyleduo/SwitchButton/archive/master.zip -O kyleduo--SwitchButton.zip
https://github.com/path/android-priority-jobqueue/archive/master.zip -O path--android-priority-jobqueue.zip
https://github.com/wasabeef/glide-transformations/archive/master.zip -O wasabeef--glide-transformations.zip
https://github.com/ryanhoo/StylishMusicPlayer/archive/master.zip -O ryanhoo--StylishMusicPlayer.zip
https://github.com/DreaminginCodeZH/Douya/archive/master.zip -O DreaminginCodeZH--Douya.zip
https://github.com/ybq/Android-SpinKit/archive/master.zip -O ybq--Android-SpinKit.zip
https://github.com/jankotek/mapdb/archive/master.zip -O jankotek--mapdb.zip
https://github.com/dm77/barcodescanner/archive/master.zip -O dm77--barcodescanner.zip
https://github.com/theDazzler/droidicon/archive/master.zip -O theDazzler--droidicon.zip
https://github.com/OpenTSDB/opentsdb/archive/master.zip -O OpenTSDB--opentsdb.zip
https://github.com/Malinskiy/SuperRecyclerView/archive/master.zip -O Malinskiy--SuperRecyclerView.zip
https://github.com/andkulikov/Transitions-Everywhere/archive/master.zip -O andkulikov--Transitions-Everywhere.zip
https://github.com/weibocom/motan/archive/master.zip -O weibocom--motan.zip
https://github.com/grantland/android-autofittextview/archive/master.zip -O grantland--android-autofittextview.zip
https://github.com/stleary/JSON-java/archive/master.zip -O stleary--JSON-java.zip
https://github.com/edmodo/cropper/archive/master.zip -O edmodo--cropper.zip
https://github.com/bingoogolapple/BGARefreshLayout-Android/archive/master.zip -O bingoogolapple--BGARefreshLayout-Android.zip
https://github.com/puniverse/quasar/archive/master.zip -O puniverse--quasar.zip
https://github.com/apache/zookeeper/archive/master.zip -O apache--zookeeper.zip
https://github.com/mikepenz/Android-Iconics/archive/master.zip -O mikepenz--Android-Iconics.zip
https://github.com/square/moshi/archive/master.zip -O square--moshi.zip
https://github.com/joelittlejohn/jsonschema2pojo/archive/master.zip -O joelittlejohn--jsonschema2pojo.zip
https://github.com/beworker/pinned-section-listview/archive/master.zip -O beworker--pinned-section-listview.zip
https://github.com/gabrielemariotti/RecyclerViewItemAnimators/archive/master.zip -O gabrielemariotti--RecyclerViewItemAnimators.zip
https://github.com/grpc/grpc-java/archive/master.zip -O grpc--grpc-java.zip
https://github.com/JulienGenoud/android-percent-support-lib-sample/archive/master.zip -O JulienGenoud--android-percent-support-lib-sample.zip
https://github.com/davemorrissey/subsampling-scale-image-view/archive/master.zip -O davemorrissey--subsampling-scale-image-view.zip
https://github.com/apache/zeppelin/archive/master.zip -O apache--zeppelin.zip
https://github.com/andremion/Music-Player/archive/master.zip -O andremion--Music-Player.zip
https://github.com/wasabeef/Blurry/archive/master.zip -O wasabeef--Blurry.zip
https://github.com/leolin310148/ShortcutBadger/archive/master.zip -O leolin310148--ShortcutBadger.zip
https://github.com/balysv/material-menu/archive/master.zip -O balysv--material-menu.zip
https://github.com/dinuscxj/LoadingDrawable/archive/master.zip -O dinuscxj--LoadingDrawable.zip
https://github.com/hibernate/hibernate-orm/archive/master.zip -O hibernate--hibernate-orm.zip
https://github.com/Ramotion/folding-cell-android/archive/master.zip -O Ramotion--folding-cell-android.zip
https://github.com/saulmm/Material-Movies/archive/master.zip -O saulmm--Material-Movies.zip
https://github.com/mihaip/dex-method-counts/archive/master.zip -O mihaip--dex-method-counts.zip
https://github.com/markushi/android-ui/archive/master.zip -O markushi--android-ui.zip
https://github.com/hitherejoe/animate/archive/master.zip -O hitherejoe--animate.zip
https://github.com/h2oai/h2o-2/archive/master.zip -O h2oai--h2o-2.zip
https://github.com/pedrovgs/AndroidWiFiADB/archive/master.zip -O pedrovgs--AndroidWiFiADB.zip
https://github.com/twitter/distributedlog/archive/master.zip -O twitter--distributedlog.zip
https://github.com/pushtorefresh/storio/archive/master.zip -O pushtorefresh--storio.zip
https://github.com/lzyzsd/JsBridge/archive/master.zip -O lzyzsd--JsBridge.zip
https://github.com/robinhood/ticker/archive/master.zip -O robinhood--ticker.zip
https://github.com/Todd-Davies/ProgressWheel/archive/master.zip -O Todd-Davies--ProgressWheel.zip
https://github.com/facebook/conceal/archive/master.zip -O facebook--conceal.zip
https://github.com/avast/android-styled-dialogs/archive/master.zip -O avast--android-styled-dialogs.zip
https://github.com/xfumihiro/ViewInspector/archive/master.zip -O xfumihiro--ViewInspector.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/malmo/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--malmo.zip
https://github.com/stormzhang/9GAG/archive/master.zip -O stormzhang--9GAG.zip
https://github.com/JohnPersano/SuperToasts/archive/master.zip -O JohnPersano--SuperToasts.zip
https://github.com/Netflix/ice/archive/master.zip -O Netflix--ice.zip
https://github.com/xcc3641/SeeWeather/archive/master.zip -O xcc3641--SeeWeather.zip
https://github.com/prolificinteractive/material-calendarview/archive/master.zip -O prolificinteractive--material-calendarview.zip
https://github.com/kevinsawicki/http-request/archive/master.zip -O kevinsawicki--http-request.zip
https://github.com/alamkanak/Android-Week-View/archive/master.zip -O alamkanak--Android-Week-View.zip
https://github.com/Yalantis/GuillotineMenu-Android/archive/master.zip -O Yalantis--GuillotineMenu-Android.zip
https://github.com/naman14/Timber/archive/master.zip -O naman14--Timber.zip
https://github.com/ragunathjawahar/android-saripaar/archive/master.zip -O ragunathjawahar--android-saripaar.zip
https://github.com/tbruyelle/RxPermissions/archive/master.zip -O tbruyelle--RxPermissions.zip
https://github.com/yanzhenjie/NoHttp/archive/master.zip -O yanzhenjie--NoHttp.zip
https://github.com/amulyakhare/TextDrawable/archive/master.zip -O amulyakhare--TextDrawable.zip
https://github.com/siacs/Conversations/archive/master.zip -O siacs--Conversations.zip
https://github.com/google/binnavi/archive/master.zip -O google--binnavi.zip
https://github.com/baoyachi/StepView/archive/master.zip -O baoyachi--StepView.zip
https://github.com/reark/reark/archive/master.zip -O reark--reark.zip
https://github.com/markzhai/AndroidPerformanceMonitor/archive/master.zip -O markzhai--AndroidPerformanceMonitor.zip
https://github.com/saiwu-bigkoo/Android-ConvenientBanner/archive/master.zip -O saiwu-bigkoo--Android-ConvenientBanner.zip
https://github.com/androidquery/androidquery/archive/master.zip -O androidquery--androidquery.zip
https://github.com/mcxiaoke/packer-ng-plugin/archive/master.zip -O mcxiaoke--packer-ng-plugin.zip
https://github.com/lzyzsd/CircleProgress/archive/master.zip -O lzyzsd--CircleProgress.zip
https://github.com/grails/grails-core/archive/master.zip -O grails--grails-core.zip
https://github.com/apereo/cas/archive/master.zip -O apereo--cas.zip
https://github.com/satyan/sugar/archive/master.zip -O satyan--sugar.zip
https://github.com/yigit/android-priority-jobqueue/archive/master.zip -O yigit--android-priority-jobqueue.zip
https://github.com/yusuke/twitter4j/archive/master.zip -O yusuke--twitter4j.zip
https://github.com/owncloud/android/archive/master.zip -O owncloud--android.zip
https://github.com/Wizcorp/phonegap-facebook-plugin/archive/master.zip -O Wizcorp--phonegap-facebook-plugin.zip
https://github.com/laobie/StatusBarUtil/archive/master.zip -O laobie--StatusBarUtil.zip
https://github.com/Skykai521/StickerCamera/archive/master.zip -O Skykai521--StickerCamera.zip
https://github.com/Karumi/Dexter/archive/master.zip -O Karumi--Dexter.zip
https://github.com/square/flow/archive/master.zip -O square--flow.zip
https://github.com/tjerkw/Android-SlideExpandableListView/archive/master.zip -O tjerkw--Android-SlideExpandableListView.zip
https://github.com/ChadCSong/ShineButton/archive/master.zip -O ChadCSong--ShineButton.zip
https://github.com/LitePalFramework/LitePal/archive/master.zip -O LitePalFramework--LitePal.zip
https://github.com/chrisbanes/philm/archive/master.zip -O chrisbanes--philm.zip
https://github.com/litesuits/android-common/archive/master.zip -O litesuits--android-common.zip
https://github.com/pnikosis/materialish-progress/archive/master.zip -O pnikosis--materialish-progress.zip
https://github.com/RobotiumTech/robotium/archive/master.zip -O RobotiumTech--robotium.zip
https://github.com/airbnb/airpal/archive/master.zip -O airbnb--airpal.zip
https://github.com/lwansbrough/react-native-camera/archive/master.zip -O lwansbrough--react-native-camera.zip
https://github.com/lovetuzitong/MultiImageSelector/archive/master.zip -O lovetuzitong--MultiImageSelector.zip
https://github.com/cymcsg/UltimateAndroid/archive/master.zip -O cymcsg--UltimateAndroid.zip
https://github.com/mission-peace/interview/archive/master.zip -O mission-peace--interview.zip
https://github.com/KeepSafe/TapTargetView/archive/master.zip -O KeepSafe--TapTargetView.zip
https://github.com/square/mortar/archive/master.zip -O square--mortar.zip
https://github.com/alibaba/canal/archive/master.zip -O alibaba--canal.zip
https://github.com/lsjwzh/RecyclerViewPager/archive/master.zip -O lsjwzh--RecyclerViewPager.zip
https://github.com/sd6352051/NiftyDialogEffects/archive/master.zip -O sd6352051--NiftyDialogEffects.zip
https://github.com/JakeWharton/scalpel/archive/master.zip -O JakeWharton--scalpel.zip
https://github.com/PomepuyN/BlurEffectForAndroidDesign/archive/master.zip -O PomepuyN--BlurEffectForAndroidDesign.zip
https://github.com/yangfuhai/ASimpleCache/archive/master.zip -O yangfuhai--ASimpleCache.zip
https://github.com/pakerfeldt/android-viewflow/archive/master.zip -O pakerfeldt--android-viewflow.zip
https://github.com/kymjs/KJFrameForAndroid/archive/master.zip -O kymjs--KJFrameForAndroid.zip
https://github.com/worker8/TourGuide/archive/master.zip -O worker8--TourGuide.zip
https://github.com/wdullaer/MaterialDateTimePicker/archive/master.zip -O wdullaer--MaterialDateTimePicker.zip
https://github.com/google/google-authenticator/archive/master.zip -O google--google-authenticator.zip
https://github.com/romainguy/ViewServer/archive/master.zip -O romainguy--ViewServer.zip
https://github.com/ongakuer/CircleIndicator/archive/master.zip -O ongakuer--CircleIndicator.zip
https://github.com/ben-manes/caffeine/archive/master.zip -O ben-manes--caffeine.zip
https://github.com/voldemort/voldemort/archive/master.zip -O voldemort--voldemort.zip
https://github.com/code-mc/material-icon-lib/archive/master.zip -O code-mc--material-icon-lib.zip
https://github.com/zzz40500/GsonFormat/archive/master.zip -O zzz40500--GsonFormat.zip
https://github.com/LyndonChin/MasteringAndroidDataBinding/archive/master.zip -O LyndonChin--MasteringAndroidDataBinding.zip
https://github.com/orhanobut/hawk/archive/master.zip -O orhanobut--hawk.zip
https://github.com/fqrouter/fqrouter/archive/master.zip -O fqrouter--fqrouter.zip
https://github.com/yusugomori/DeepLearning/archive/master.zip -O yusugomori--DeepLearning.zip
https://github.com/jeresig/processing-js/archive/master.zip -O jeresig--processing-js.zip
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/archive/master.zip -O hazelcast--hazelcast.zip
https://github.com/ozodrukh/CircularReveal/archive/master.zip -O ozodrukh--CircularReveal.zip
https://github.com/Manabu-GT/ExpandableTextView/archive/master.zip -O Manabu-GT--ExpandableTextView.zip
https://github.com/pili-engineering/PLDroidPlayer/archive/master.zip -O pili-engineering--PLDroidPlayer.zip
https://github.com/jianghejie/XRecyclerView/archive/master.zip -O jianghejie--XRecyclerView.zip
https://github.com/antlr/antlr4/archive/master.zip -O antlr--antlr4.zip
https://github.com/tobie/ua-parser/archive/master.zip -O tobie--ua-parser.zip
https://github.com/JakeWharton/Telecine/archive/master.zip -O JakeWharton--Telecine.zip
https://github.com/pedrovgs/Algorithms/archive/master.zip -O pedrovgs--Algorithms.zip
https://github.com/NLPchina/elasticsearch-sql/archive/master.zip -O NLPchina--elasticsearch-sql.zip
https://github.com/rubensousa/RecyclerViewSnap/archive/master.zip -O rubensousa--RecyclerViewSnap.zip
https://github.com/android-cjj/JJSearchViewAnim/archive/master.zip -O android-cjj--JJSearchViewAnim.zip
https://github.com/JoanZapata/android-pdfview/archive/master.zip -O JoanZapata--android-pdfview.zip
https://github.com/Bukkit/Bukkit/archive/master.zip -O Bukkit--Bukkit.zip
https://github.com/square/wire/archive/master.zip -O square--wire.zip
https://github.com/TonicArtos/SuperSLiM/archive/master.zip -O TonicArtos--SuperSLiM.zip
https://github.com/zaproxy/zaproxy/archive/master.zip -O zaproxy--zaproxy.zip
https://github.com/xcltapestry/XCL-Charts/archive/master.zip -O xcltapestry--XCL-Charts.zip
https://github.com/rengwuxian/RxJavaSamples/archive/master.zip -O rengwuxian--RxJavaSamples.zip
https://github.com/bytedeco/javacpp/archive/master.zip -O bytedeco--javacpp.zip
https://github.com/Netflix/zuul/archive/master.zip -O Netflix--zuul.zip
https://github.com/500px/500px-android-blur/archive/master.zip -O 500px--500px-android-blur.zip
https://github.com/qiujuer/Genius-Android/archive/master.zip -O qiujuer--Genius-Android.zip
https://github.com/googlesamples/easypermissions/archive/master.zip -O googlesamples--easypermissions.zip
https://github.com/wildfly/wildfly/archive/master.zip -O wildfly--wildfly.zip
https://github.com/YoKeyword/Fragmentation/archive/master.zip -O YoKeyword--Fragmentation.zip
https://github.com/googlemaps/android-maps-utils/archive/master.zip -O googlemaps--android-maps-utils.zip
https://github.com/oguzbilgener/CircularFloatingActionMenu/archive/master.zip -O oguzbilgener--CircularFloatingActionMenu.zip
https://github.com/mikepenz/LollipopShowcase/archive/master.zip -O mikepenz--LollipopShowcase.zip
https://github.com/apache/flink/archive/master.zip -O apache--flink.zip
https://github.com/rubensousa/ViewPagerCards/archive/master.zip -O rubensousa--ViewPagerCards.zip
https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology/archive/master.zip -O MovingBlocks--Terasology.zip
https://github.com/redisson/redisson/archive/master.zip -O redisson--redisson.zip
https://github.com/chanjarster/weixin-java-tools/archive/master.zip -O chanjarster--weixin-java-tools.zip
https://github.com/facebook/shimmer-android/archive/master.zip -O facebook--shimmer-android.zip
https://github.com/flavienlaurent/datetimepicker/archive/master.zip -O flavienlaurent--datetimepicker.zip
https://github.com/jersey/jersey/archive/master.zip -O jersey--jersey.zip
https://github.com/dlew/joda-time-android/archive/master.zip -O dlew--joda-time-android.zip
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-security-oauth/archive/master.zip -O spring-projects--spring-security-oauth.zip
https://github.com/medcl/elasticsearch-analysis-ik/archive/master.zip -O medcl--elasticsearch-analysis-ik.zip
https://github.com/apache/cordova-android/archive/master.zip -O apache--cordova-android.zip
https://github.com/jprante/elasticsearch-jdbc/archive/master.zip -O jprante--elasticsearch-jdbc.zip
https://github.com/gephi/gephi/archive/master.zip -O gephi--gephi.zip
https://github.com/MyCATApache/Mycat-Server/archive/master.zip -O MyCATApache--Mycat-Server.zip
https://github.com/bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton/archive/master.zip -O bigbluebutton--bigbluebutton.zip
https://github.com/chenupt/SpringIndicator/archive/master.zip -O chenupt--SpringIndicator.zip
https://github.com/jgilfelt/android-sqlite-asset-helper/archive/master.zip -O jgilfelt--android-sqlite-asset-helper.zip
https://github.com/iPaulPro/Android-ItemTouchHelper-Demo/archive/master.zip -O iPaulPro--Android-ItemTouchHelper-Demo.zip
https://github.com/bonnyfone/vectalign/archive/master.zip -O bonnyfone--vectalign.zip
https://github.com/drakeet/MaterialDialog/archive/master.zip -O drakeet--MaterialDialog.zip
https://github.com/Yalantis/Euclid/archive/master.zip -O Yalantis--Euclid.zip
https://github.com/cjlin1/libsvm/archive/master.zip -O cjlin1--libsvm.zip
https://github.com/shekhargulati/99-problems/archive/master.zip -O shekhargulati--99-problems.zip
https://github.com/soarcn/BottomSheet/archive/master.zip -O soarcn--BottomSheet.zip
https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-java/archive/master.zip -O aws--aws-sdk-java.zip
https://github.com/Frank-Zhu/PullZoomView/archive/master.zip -O Frank-Zhu--PullZoomView.zip
https://github.com/TencentOpen/GT/archive/master.zip -O TencentOpen--GT.zip
https://github.com/google/grafika/archive/master.zip -O google--grafika.zip
https://github.com/flavienlaurent/NotBoringActionBar/archive/master.zip -O flavienlaurent--NotBoringActionBar.zip
https://github.com/jiangqqlmj/FastDev4Android/archive/master.zip -O jiangqqlmj--FastDev4Android.zip
https://github.com/hmkcode/Android/archive/master.zip -O hmkcode--Android.zip
https://github.com/ArthurHub/Android-Image-Cropper/archive/master.zip -O ArthurHub--Android-Image-Cropper.zip
https://github.com/biezhi/blade/archive/master.zip -O biezhi--blade.zip
https://github.com/Activiti/Activiti/archive/master.zip -O Activiti--Activiti.zip
https://github.com/flyway/flyway/archive/master.zip -O flyway--flyway.zip
https://github.com/white-cat/ThinkAndroid/archive/master.zip -O white-cat--ThinkAndroid.zip
https://github.com/JustWayward/BookReader/archive/master.zip -O JustWayward--BookReader.zip
https://github.com/b3log/solo/archive/master.zip -O b3log--solo.zip
https://github.com/robovm/robovm/archive/master.zip -O robovm--robovm.zip
https://github.com/google/tiger/archive/master.zip -O google--tiger.zip
https://github.com/hankcs/HanLP/archive/master.zip -O hankcs--HanLP.zip
https://github.com/square/tape/archive/master.zip -O square--tape.zip
https://github.com/goldmansachs/gs-collections/archive/master.zip -O goldmansachs--gs-collections.zip
https://github.com/maurycyw/StaggeredGridView/archive/master.zip -O maurycyw--StaggeredGridView.zip
https://github.com/facebook/network-connection-class/archive/master.zip -O facebook--network-connection-class.zip
https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-java-driver/archive/master.zip -O mongodb--mongo-java-driver.zip
https://github.com/Jacksgong/JKeyboardPanelSwitch/archive/master.zip -O Jacksgong--JKeyboardPanelSwitch.zip
https://github.com/saulmm/CoordinatorBehaviorExample/archive/master.zip -O saulmm--CoordinatorBehaviorExample.zip
https://github.com/balysv/material-ripple/archive/master.zip -O balysv--material-ripple.zip
https://github.com/Nightonke/BoomMenu/archive/master.zip -O Nightonke--BoomMenu.zip
https://github.com/Karumi/Rosie/archive/master.zip -O Karumi--Rosie.zip
https://github.com/daimajia/AnimationEasingFunctions/archive/master.zip -O daimajia--AnimationEasingFunctions.zip
https://github.com/zcweng/ToggleButton/archive/master.zip -O zcweng--ToggleButton.zip
https://github.com/spotify/helios/archive/master.zip -O spotify--helios.zip
https://github.com/baoyongzhang/android-PullRefreshLayout/archive/master.zip -O baoyongzhang--android-PullRefreshLayout.zip
https://github.com/jd-alexander/LikeButton/archive/master.zip -O jd-alexander--LikeButton.zip
https://github.com/Nightonke/WoWoViewPager/archive/master.zip -O Nightonke--WoWoViewPager.zip
https://github.com/MinecraftForge/MinecraftForge/archive/master.zip -O MinecraftForge--MinecraftForge.zip
https://github.com/Cleveroad/SlidingTutorial-Android/archive/master.zip -O Cleveroad--SlidingTutorial-Android.zip
https://github.com/MikeOrtiz/TouchImageView/archive/master.zip -O MikeOrtiz--TouchImageView.zip
https://github.com/MiguelCatalan/MaterialSearchView/archive/master.zip -O MiguelCatalan--MaterialSearchView.zip
https://github.com/siyamed/android-shape-imageview/archive/master.zip -O siyamed--android-shape-imageview.zip
https://github.com/elevenetc/TextSurface/archive/master.zip -O elevenetc--TextSurface.zip
https://github.com/rallat/EffectiveAndroid/archive/master.zip -O rallat--EffectiveAndroid.zip
https://github.com/knightliao/disconf/archive/master.zip -O knightliao--disconf.zip
https://github.com/alibaba/LuaViewSDK/archive/master.zip -O alibaba--LuaViewSDK.zip
https://github.com/hitherejoe/Android-Boilerplate/archive/master.zip -O hitherejoe--Android-Boilerplate.zip
https://github.com/deano2390/MaterialShowcaseView/archive/master.zip -O deano2390--MaterialShowcaseView.zip
https://github.com/googlesamples/google-services/archive/master.zip -O googlesamples--google-services.zip
https://github.com/detro/ghostdriver/archive/master.zip -O detro--ghostdriver.zip
https://github.com/Yalantis/FlipViewPager.Draco/archive/master.zip -O Yalantis--FlipViewPager.Draco.zip
https://github.com/bluelinelabs/Conductor/archive/master.zip -O bluelinelabs--Conductor.zip
https://github.com/alibaba/otter/archive/master.zip -O alibaba--otter.zip
https://github.com/danylovolokh/VideoPlayerManager/archive/master.zip -O danylovolokh--VideoPlayerManager.zip
https://github.com/2dxgujun/AndroidTagGroup/archive/master.zip -O 2dxgujun--AndroidTagGroup.zip
https://github.com/videlalvaro/gifsockets/archive/master.zip -O videlalvaro--gifsockets.zip
https://github.com/airbnb/DeepLinkDispatch/archive/master.zip -O airbnb--DeepLinkDispatch.zip
https://github.com/neokree/MaterialNavigationDrawer/archive/master.zip -O neokree--MaterialNavigationDrawer.zip
https://github.com/mikepenz/AboutLibraries/archive/master.zip -O mikepenz--AboutLibraries.zip
https://github.com/eishay/jvm-serializers/archive/master.zip -O eishay--jvm-serializers.zip
https://github.com/RomainPiel/Shimmer-android/archive/master.zip -O RomainPiel--Shimmer-android.zip
https://github.com/tinkerpop/gremlin/archive/master.zip -O tinkerpop--gremlin.zip
https://github.com/AnderWeb/discreteSeekBar/archive/master.zip -O AnderWeb--discreteSeekBar.zip
https://github.com/ata4/disunity/archive/master.zip -O ata4--disunity.zip
https://github.com/hongyangAndroid/FlowLayout/archive/master.zip -O hongyangAndroid--FlowLayout.zip
https://github.com/rest-assured/rest-assured/archive/master.zip -O rest-assured--rest-assured.zip
https://github.com/vikramkakkar/SublimePicker/archive/master.zip -O vikramkakkar--SublimePicker.zip
https://github.com/Ereza/CustomActivityOnCrash/archive/master.zip -O Ereza--CustomActivityOnCrash.zip
https://github.com/http-kit/http-kit/archive/master.zip -O http-kit--http-kit.zip
https://github.com/konifar/android-material-design-icon-generator-plugin/archive/master.zip -O konifar--android-material-design-icon-generator-plugin.zip
https://github.com/aurelhubert/ahbottomnavigation/archive/master.zip -O aurelhubert--ahbottomnavigation.zip
https://github.com/mcharmas/android-parcelable-intellij-plugin/archive/master.zip -O mcharmas--android-parcelable-intellij-plugin.zip
https://github.com/socketio/socket.io-client-java/archive/master.zip -O socketio--socket.io-client-java.zip
https://github.com/oblac/jodd/archive/master.zip -O oblac--jodd.zip
https://github.com/javaee-samples/javaee7-samples/archive/master.zip -O javaee-samples--javaee7-samples.zip
https://github.com/mxn21/FlowingDrawer/archive/master.zip -O mxn21--FlowingDrawer.zip
https://github.com/evernote/android-job/archive/master.zip -O evernote--android-job.zip
https://github.com/lyft/scissors/archive/master.zip -O lyft--scissors.zip
https://github.com/ninjaframework/ninja/archive/master.zip -O ninjaframework--ninja.zip
https://github.com/matrixxun/ProductTour/archive/master.zip -O matrixxun--ProductTour.zip
https://github.com/jfinal/jfinal/archive/master.zip -O jfinal--jfinal.zip
https://github.com/simple-android-framework/android_design_patterns_analysis/archive/master.zip -O simple-android-framework--android_design_patterns_analysis.zip
https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio/archive/master.zip -O rstudio--rstudio.zip
https://github.com/hongyangAndroid/baseAdapter/archive/master.zip -O hongyangAndroid--baseAdapter.zip
https://github.com/Netflix/curator/archive/master.zip -O Netflix--curator.zip
https://github.com/nispok/snackbar/archive/master.zip -O nispok--snackbar.zip
https://github.com/apache/groovy/archive/master.zip -O apache--groovy.zip
https://github.com/dongjunkun/DropDownMenu/archive/master.zip -O dongjunkun--DropDownMenu.zip
https://github.com/libgdx/packr/archive/master.zip -O libgdx--packr.zip
https://github.com/zzz40500/AndroidSweetSheet/archive/master.zip -O zzz40500--AndroidSweetSheet.zip
https://github.com/square/keywhiz/archive/master.zip -O square--keywhiz.zip
https://github.com/sfsheng0322/StickyHeaderListView/archive/master.zip -O sfsheng0322--StickyHeaderListView.zip
https://github.com/skavanagh/KeyBox/archive/master.zip -O skavanagh--KeyBox.zip
https://github.com/groovy/groovy-core/archive/master.zip -O groovy--groovy-core.zip
https://github.com/h2oai/h2o-3/archive/master.zip -O h2oai--h2o-3.zip
https://github.com/wangdan/AisenWeiBo/archive/master.zip -O wangdan--AisenWeiBo.zip
https://github.com/dreamhead/moco/archive/master.zip -O dreamhead--moco.zip
https://github.com/JoanZapata/base-adapter-helper/archive/master.zip -O JoanZapata--base-adapter-helper.zip
https://github.com/chewiebug/GCViewer/archive/master.zip -O chewiebug--GCViewer.zip
https://github.com/klinker24/Talon-for-Twitter/archive/master.zip -O klinker24--Talon-for-Twitter.zip
https://github.com/eluleci/FlatUI/archive/master.zip -O eluleci--FlatUI.zip
https://github.com/addthis/stream-lib/archive/master.zip -O addthis--stream-lib.zip
https://github.com/Diolor/Swipecards/archive/master.zip -O Diolor--Swipecards.zip
https://github.com/alibaba/cobar/archive/master.zip -O alibaba--cobar.zip
https://github.com/ApmeM/android-flowlayout/archive/master.zip -O ApmeM--android-flowlayout.zip
https://github.com/mrniko/netty-socketio/archive/master.zip -O mrniko--netty-socketio.zip
https://github.com/google/error-prone/archive/master.zip -O google--error-prone.zip
https://github.com/Quinny898/PersistentSearch/archive/master.zip -O Quinny898--PersistentSearch.zip
https://github.com/jhalterman/failsafe/archive/master.zip -O jhalterman--failsafe.zip
https://github.com/xinghongfei/LookLook/archive/master.zip -O xinghongfei--LookLook.zip
https://github.com/mcharmas/Android-ReactiveLocation/archive/master.zip -O mcharmas--Android-ReactiveLocation.zip
https://github.com/jOOQ/jOOQ/archive/master.zip -O jOOQ--jOOQ.zip
https://github.com/TangoAgency/material-intro-screen/archive/master.zip -O TangoAgency--material-intro-screen.zip
https://github.com/M66B/XPrivacy/archive/master.zip -O M66B--XPrivacy.zip
https://github.com/ZieIony/Carbon/archive/master.zip -O ZieIony--Carbon.zip
https://github.com/Dimezis/BlurView/archive/master.zip -O Dimezis--BlurView.zip
https://github.com/requery/requery/archive/master.zip -O requery--requery.zip
https://github.com/yasserg/crawler4j/archive/master.zip -O yasserg--crawler4j.zip
https://github.com/JorgeCastilloPrz/AndroidFillableLoaders/archive/master.zip -O JorgeCastilloPrz--AndroidFillableLoaders.zip
https://github.com/w446108264/XhsEmoticonsKeyboard/archive/master.zip -O w446108264--XhsEmoticonsKeyboard.zip
https://github.com/dexafree/MaterialList/archive/master.zip -O dexafree--MaterialList.zip
https://github.com/arimorty/floatingsearchview/archive/master.zip -O arimorty--floatingsearchview.zip
https://github.com/daimajia/AnimeTaste/archive/master.zip -O daimajia--AnimeTaste.zip
https://github.com/linkedin/rest.li/archive/master.zip -O linkedin--rest.li.zip
https://github.com/dangdangdotcom/sharding-jdbc/archive/master.zip -O dangdangdotcom--sharding-jdbc.zip
https://github.com/iammert/MaterialIntroView/archive/master.zip -O iammert--MaterialIntroView.zip
https://github.com/watabou/pixel-dungeon/archive/master.zip -O watabou--pixel-dungeon.zip
https://github.com/checkstyle/checkstyle/archive/master.zip -O checkstyle--checkstyle.zip
https://github.com/googlesamples/android-testing-templates/archive/master.zip -O googlesamples--android-testing-templates.zip
https://github.com/notnoop/java-apns/archive/master.zip -O notnoop--java-apns.zip
https://github.com/lawloretienne/QuickReturn/archive/master.zip -O lawloretienne--QuickReturn.zip
https://github.com/johannilsson/android-actionbar/archive/master.zip -O johannilsson--android-actionbar.zip
https://github.com/sohutv/cachecloud/archive/master.zip -O sohutv--cachecloud.zip
https://github.com/recruit-lifestyle/WaveSwipeRefreshLayout/archive/master.zip -O recruit-lifestyle--WaveSwipeRefreshLayout.zip
https://github.com/wenmingvs/AndroidProcess/archive/master.zip -O wenmingvs--AndroidProcess.zip
https://github.com/Zomato/AndroidPhotoFilters/archive/master.zip -O Zomato--AndroidPhotoFilters.zip
https://github.com/konmik/nucleus/archive/master.zip -O konmik--nucleus.zip
https://github.com/geftimov/android-pathview/archive/master.zip -O geftimov--android-pathview.zip
https://github.com/crate/crate/archive/master.zip -O crate--crate.zip
https://github.com/airbnb/epoxy/archive/master.zip -O airbnb--epoxy.zip
https://github.com/pwnall/chromeview/archive/master.zip -O pwnall--chromeview.zip
https://github.com/Athou/commafeed/archive/master.zip -O Athou--commafeed.zip
https://github.com/IsseiAoki/SimpleCropView/archive/master.zip -O IsseiAoki--SimpleCropView.zip
https://github.com/ldoublem/LoadingView/archive/master.zip -O ldoublem--LoadingView.zip
https://github.com/fyhertz/libstreaming/archive/master.zip -O fyhertz--libstreaming.zip
https://github.com/cloudera/oryx/archive/master.zip -O cloudera--oryx.zip
https://github.com/xmuSistone/android-card-slide-panel/archive/master.zip -O xmuSistone--android-card-slide-panel.zip
https://github.com/afollestad/material-camera/archive/master.zip -O afollestad--material-camera.zip
https://github.com/torodb/torodb/archive/master.zip -O torodb--torodb.zip
https://github.com/alibaba/DataX/archive/master.zip -O alibaba--DataX.zip
https://github.com/hongyangAndroid/Highlight/archive/master.zip -O hongyangAndroid--Highlight.zip
https://github.com/Konloch/bytecode-viewer/archive/master.zip -O Konloch--bytecode-viewer.zip
https://github.com/eirslett/frontend-maven-plugin/archive/master.zip -O eirslett--frontend-maven-plugin.zip
https://github.com/sephiroth74/ImageViewZoom/archive/master.zip -O sephiroth74--ImageViewZoom.zip
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-loaded/archive/master.zip -O spring-projects--spring-loaded.zip
https://github.com/bingoogolapple/BGABadgeView-Android/archive/master.zip -O bingoogolapple--BGABadgeView-Android.zip
https://github.com/AntennaPod/AntennaPod/archive/master.zip -O AntennaPod--AntennaPod.zip
https://github.com/square/assertj-android/archive/master.zip -O square--assertj-android.zip
https://github.com/brianfrankcooper/YCSB/archive/master.zip -O brianfrankcooper--YCSB.zip
https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber-jvm/archive/master.zip -O cucumber--cucumber-jvm.zip
https://github.com/commonsguy/cw-advandroid/archive/master.zip -O commonsguy--cw-advandroid.zip
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-security/archive/master.zip -O spring-projects--spring-security.zip
https://github.com/bmelnychuk/AndroidTreeView/archive/master.zip -O bmelnychuk--AndroidTreeView.zip
https://github.com/katzer/cordova-plugin-local-notifications/archive/master.zip -O katzer--cordova-plugin-local-notifications.zip
https://github.com/tvbarthel/BlurDialogFragment/archive/master.zip -O tvbarthel--BlurDialogFragment.zip
https://github.com/linkedin/pinot/archive/master.zip -O linkedin--pinot.zip
https://github.com/Bilibili/MagicaSakura/archive/master.zip -O Bilibili--MagicaSakura.zip
https://github.com/facebook/device-year-class/archive/master.zip -O facebook--device-year-class.zip
https://github.com/AltBeacon/android-beacon-library/archive/master.zip -O AltBeacon--android-beacon-library.zip
https://github.com/wuhaoyu1990/MagicCamera/archive/master.zip -O wuhaoyu1990--MagicCamera.zip
https://github.com/jackpal/Android-Terminal-Emulator/archive/master.zip -O jackpal--Android-Terminal-Emulator.zip
https://github.com/reactive-streams/reactive-streams-jvm/archive/master.zip -O reactive-streams--reactive-streams-jvm.zip
https://github.com/flavioarfaria/KenBurnsView/archive/master.zip -O flavioarfaria--KenBurnsView.zip
https://github.com/redsolution/xabber-android/archive/master.zip -O redsolution--xabber-android.zip
https://github.com/OpenFeign/feign/archive/master.zip -O OpenFeign--feign.zip
https://github.com/android-cjj/Android-MaterialRefreshLayout/archive/master.zip -O android-cjj--Android-MaterialRefreshLayout.zip
https://github.com/asLody/VirtualApp/archive/master.zip -O asLody--VirtualApp.zip
https://github.com/SonarSource/sonarqube/archive/master.zip -O SonarSource--sonarqube.zip
https://github.com/kanytu/android-parallax-recyclerview/archive/master.zip -O kanytu--android-parallax-recyclerview.zip
https://github.com/Trinea/android-auto-scroll-view-pager/archive/master.zip -O Trinea--android-auto-scroll-view-pager.zip
https://github.com/Marswin/MarsDaemon/archive/master.zip -O Marswin--MarsDaemon.zip
https://github.com/iPaulPro/aFileChooser/archive/master.zip -O iPaulPro--aFileChooser.zip
https://github.com/mmin18/FlexLayout/archive/master.zip -O mmin18--FlexLayout.zip
https://github.com/inmite/android-selector-chapek/archive/master.zip -O inmite--android-selector-chapek.zip
https://github.com/mttkay/ignition/archive/master.zip -O mttkay--ignition.zip
https://github.com/artem-zinnatullin/qualitymatters/archive/master.zip -O artem-zinnatullin--qualitymatters.zip
https://github.com/LyndonChin/AndroidRubberIndicator/archive/master.zip -O LyndonChin--AndroidRubberIndicator.zip
https://github.com/tuesda/CircleRefreshLayout/archive/master.zip -O tuesda--CircleRefreshLayout.zip
https://github.com/TonicArtos/StickyGridHeaders/archive/master.zip -O TonicArtos--StickyGridHeaders.zip
https://github.com/databricks/learning-spark/archive/master.zip -O databricks--learning-spark.zip
https://github.com/jjoe64/GraphView/archive/master.zip -O jjoe64--GraphView.zip
https://github.com/florent37/DiagonalLayout/archive/master.zip -O florent37--DiagonalLayout.zip
https://github.com/siyamed/android-satellite-menu/archive/master.zip -O siyamed--android-satellite-menu.zip
https://github.com/harism/android_page_curl/archive/master.zip -O harism--android_page_curl.zip
https://github.com/tumblr/Backboard/archive/master.zip -O tumblr--Backboard.zip
https://github.com/eoinfogarty/Onboarding/archive/master.zip -O eoinfogarty--Onboarding.zip
https://github.com/alexvasilkov/FoldableLayout/archive/master.zip -O alexvasilkov--FoldableLayout.zip
https://github.com/gzu-liyujiang/AndroidPicker/archive/master.zip -O gzu-liyujiang--AndroidPicker.zip
https://github.com/novoda/android-demos/archive/master.zip -O novoda--android-demos.zip
https://github.com/bluejamesbond/TextJustify-Android/archive/master.zip -O bluejamesbond--TextJustify-Android.zip
https://github.com/byoutline/kickmaterial/archive/master.zip -O byoutline--kickmaterial.zip
https://github.com/Yalantis/StarWars.Android/archive/master.zip -O Yalantis--StarWars.Android.zip
https://github.com/romainguy/google-io-2014/archive/master.zip -O romainguy--google-io-2014.zip
https://github.com/RomainPiel/Titanic/archive/master.zip -O RomainPiel--Titanic.zip
https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/WordPress-Android/archive/master.zip -O wordpress-mobile--WordPress-Android.zip
https://github.com/keklikhasan/LDrawer/archive/master.zip -O keklikhasan--LDrawer.zip
https://github.com/donglua/PhotoPicker/archive/master.zip -O donglua--PhotoPicker.zip
https://github.com/fanrunqi/MaterialLogin/archive/master.zip -O fanrunqi--MaterialLogin.zip
https://github.com/Tibolte/ElasticDownload/archive/master.zip -O Tibolte--ElasticDownload.zip
https://github.com/ratpack/ratpack/archive/master.zip -O ratpack--ratpack.zip
https://github.com/frogermcs/LikeAnimation/archive/master.zip -O frogermcs--LikeAnimation.zip
https://github.com/kikoso/Swipeable-Cards/archive/master.zip -O kikoso--Swipeable-Cards.zip
https://github.com/spockframework/spock/archive/master.zip -O spockframework--spock.zip
https://github.com/MostafaGazar/CustomShapeImageView/archive/master.zip -O MostafaGazar--CustomShapeImageView.zip
https://github.com/multidots/android-app-common-tasks/archive/master.zip -O multidots--android-app-common-tasks.zip
https://github.com/bytedeco/javacv/archive/master.zip -O bytedeco--javacv.zip
https://github.com/antoniolg/MaterialEverywhere/archive/master.zip -O antoniolg--MaterialEverywhere.zip
https://github.com/moezbhatti/qksms/archive/master.zip -O moezbhatti--qksms.zip
https://github.com/daCapricorn/ArcMenu/archive/master.zip -O daCapricorn--ArcMenu.zip
https://github.com/VerbalExpressions/JavaVerbalExpressions/archive/master.zip -O VerbalExpressions--JavaVerbalExpressions.zip
https://github.com/romainguy/road-trip/archive/master.zip -O romainguy--road-trip.zip
https://github.com/qs-lll/ExpandingPager/archive/master.zip -O qs-lll--ExpandingPager.zip
https://github.com/Yalantis/Taurus/archive/master.zip -O Yalantis--Taurus.zip
https://github.com/journeyapps/zxing-android-embedded/archive/master.zip -O journeyapps--zxing-android-embedded.zip
https://github.com/ToxicBakery/ViewPagerTransforms/archive/master.zip -O ToxicBakery--ViewPagerTransforms.zip
https://github.com/dangdangdotcom/elastic-job/archive/master.zip -O dangdangdotcom--elastic-job.zip
https://github.com/xamarin/XobotOS/archive/master.zip -O xamarin--XobotOS.zip
https://github.com/johnkil/Android-AppMsg/archive/master.zip -O johnkil--Android-AppMsg.zip
https://github.com/javaslang/javaslang/archive/master.zip -O javaslang--javaslang.zip
https://github.com/yipianfengye/android-adDialog/archive/master.zip -O yipianfengye--android-adDialog.zip
https://github.com/felipecsl/AsymmetricGridView/archive/master.zip -O felipecsl--AsymmetricGridView.zip
https://github.com/JakeWharton/ThreeTenABP/archive/master.zip -O JakeWharton--ThreeTenABP.zip
https://github.com/JesusFreke/smali/archive/master.zip -O JesusFreke--smali.zip
https://github.com/sfsheng0322/MarqueeView/archive/master.zip -O sfsheng0322--MarqueeView.zip
https://github.com/yahoo/mysql_perf_analyzer/archive/master.zip -O yahoo--mysql_perf_analyzer.zip
https://github.com/JackyAndroid/AndroidChromium/archive/master.zip -O JackyAndroid--AndroidChromium.zip
https://github.com/Flowdalic/asmack/archive/master.zip -O Flowdalic--asmack.zip
https://github.com/Ashok-Varma/BottomNavigation/archive/master.zip -O Ashok-Varma--BottomNavigation.zip
https://github.com/loopj/android-smart-image-view/archive/master.zip -O loopj--android-smart-image-view.zip
https://github.com/mthli/Knife/archive/master.zip -O mthli--Knife.zip
https://github.com/gchq/Gaffer/archive/master.zip -O gchq--Gaffer.zip
https://github.com/kmshack/Android-ParallaxHeaderViewPager/archive/master.zip -O kmshack--Android-ParallaxHeaderViewPager.zip
https://github.com/RoboBinding/RoboBinding/archive/master.zip -O RoboBinding--RoboBinding.zip
https://github.com/yqritc/RecyclerView-FlexibleDivider/archive/master.zip -O yqritc--RecyclerView-FlexibleDivider.zip
https://github.com/yahoo/squidb/archive/master.zip -O yahoo--squidb.zip
https://github.com/linkedin/databus/archive/master.zip -O linkedin--databus.zip
https://github.com/killbill/killbill/archive/master.zip -O killbill--killbill.zip
https://github.com/airbnb/AirMapView/archive/master.zip -O airbnb--AirMapView.zip
https://github.com/neokree/MaterialTabs/archive/master.zip -O neokree--MaterialTabs.zip
https://github.com/MiCode/Notes/archive/master.zip -O MiCode--Notes.zip
https://github.com/markushi/android-circlebutton/archive/master.zip -O markushi--android-circlebutton.zip
https://github.com/omkarmoghe/Pokemap/archive/master.zip -O omkarmoghe--Pokemap.zip
https://github.com/codeestX/GeekNews/archive/master.zip -O codeestX--GeekNews.zip
https://github.com/rovo89/XposedInstaller/archive/master.zip -O rovo89--XposedInstaller.zip
https://github.com/jphp-compiler/jphp/archive/master.zip -O jphp-compiler--jphp.zip
https://github.com/immutables/immutables/archive/master.zip -O immutables--immutables.zip
https://github.com/firebase/quickstart-android/archive/master.zip -O firebase--quickstart-android.zip
https://github.com/tinkerpop/blueprints/archive/master.zip -O tinkerpop--blueprints.zip
https://github.com/undertow-io/undertow/archive/master.zip -O undertow-io--undertow.zip
https://github.com/romannurik/Android-SwipeToDismiss/archive/master.zip -O romannurik--Android-SwipeToDismiss.zip
https://github.com/lapism/SearchView/archive/master.zip -O lapism--SearchView.zip
https://github.com/jayway/JsonPath/archive/master.zip -O jayway--JsonPath.zip
https://github.com/zetbaitsu/Compressor/archive/master.zip -O zetbaitsu--Compressor.zip
https://github.com/twitter/commons/archive/master.zip -O twitter--commons.zip
https://github.com/raphw/byte-buddy/archive/master.zip -O raphw--byte-buddy.zip
https://github.com/skyfishjy/android-ripple-background/archive/master.zip -O skyfishjy--android-ripple-background.zip
https://github.com/ParsePlatform/Parse-SDK-Android/archive/master.zip -O ParsePlatform--Parse-SDK-Android.zip
https://github.com/syncany/syncany/archive/master.zip -O syncany--syncany.zip
https://github.com/chenupt/DragTopLayout/archive/master.zip -O chenupt--DragTopLayout.zip
https://github.com/jMonkeyEngine/jmonkeyengine/archive/master.zip -O jMonkeyEngine--jmonkeyengine.zip
https://github.com/ManuelPeinado/GlassActionBar/archive/master.zip -O ManuelPeinado--GlassActionBar.zip
https://github.com/thest1/LazyList/archive/master.zip -O thest1--LazyList.zip
https://github.com/wireapp/wire-android/archive/master.zip -O wireapp--wire-android.zip
https://github.com/yadav-rahul/TastyToast/archive/master.zip -O yadav-rahul--TastyToast.zip
https://github.com/dodola/MetaballLoading/archive/master.zip -O dodola--MetaballLoading.zip
https://github.com/elye/loaderviewlibrary/archive/master.zip -O elye--loaderviewlibrary.zip
https://github.com/Skykai521/ECTranslation/archive/master.zip -O Skykai521--ECTranslation.zip
https://github.com/Codecademy/EventHub/archive/master.zip -O Codecademy--EventHub.zip
https://github.com/LuckyJayce/ViewPagerIndicator/archive/master.zip -O LuckyJayce--ViewPagerIndicator.zip
https://github.com/dodola/HotFix/archive/master.zip -O dodola--HotFix.zip
https://github.com/yydcdut/PhotoNoter/archive/master.zip -O yydcdut--PhotoNoter.zip
https://github.com/flavienlaurent/discrollview/archive/master.zip -O flavienlaurent--discrollview.zip
https://github.com/linger1216/labelview/archive/master.zip -O linger1216--labelview.zip
https://github.com/davideas/FlexibleAdapter/archive/master.zip -O davideas--FlexibleAdapter.zip
https://github.com/serge-rider/dbeaver/archive/master.zip -O serge-rider--dbeaver.zip
https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-hadoop/archive/master.zip -O mongodb--mongo-hadoop.zip
https://github.com/crazycodeboy/TakePhoto/archive/master.zip -O crazycodeboy--TakePhoto.zip
https://github.com/HoneyNeutrons/RecyclerViewUndoSwipe/archive/master.zip -O HoneyNeutrons--RecyclerViewUndoSwipe.zip
https://github.com/TheFinestArtist/FinestWebView-Android/archive/master.zip -O TheFinestArtist--FinestWebView-Android.zip
https://github.com/geometer/FBReaderJ/archive/master.zip -O geometer--FBReaderJ.zip
https://github.com/PlusHaze/TrayNotification/archive/master.zip -O PlusHaze--TrayNotification.zip
https://github.com/Yalantis/Horizon/archive/master.zip -O Yalantis--Horizon.zip
https://github.com/AigeStudio/DatePicker/archive/master.zip -O AigeStudio--DatePicker.zip
https://github.com/MrEngineer13/SnackBar/archive/master.zip -O MrEngineer13--SnackBar.zip
https://github.com/mmin18/AndroidDynamicLoader/archive/master.zip -O mmin18--AndroidDynamicLoader.zip
https://github.com/eoecn/android-app/archive/master.zip -O eoecn--android-app.zip
https://github.com/roomorama/Caldroid/archive/master.zip -O roomorama--Caldroid.zip
https://github.com/dmilicic/Android-Clean-Boilerplate/archive/master.zip -O dmilicic--Android-Clean-Boilerplate.zip
https://github.com/stephanenicolas/Quality-Tools-for-Android/archive/master.zip -O stephanenicolas--Quality-Tools-for-Android.zip
https://github.com/rmtheis/android-ocr/archive/master.zip -O rmtheis--android-ocr.zip
https://github.com/ronmamo/reflections/archive/master.zip -O ronmamo--reflections.zip
https://github.com/zzz40500/android-shapeLoadingView/archive/master.zip -O zzz40500--android-shapeLoadingView.zip
https://github.com/apache/tomcat/archive/master.zip -O apache--tomcat.zip
https://github.com/bingoogolapple/BGABanner-Android/archive/master.zip -O bingoogolapple--BGABanner-Android.zip
https://github.com/Rajawali/Rajawali/archive/master.zip -O Rajawali--Rajawali.zip
https://github.com/houkx/android-pluginmgr/archive/master.zip -O houkx--android-pluginmgr.zip
https://github.com/dinuscxj/RecyclerRefreshLayout/archive/master.zip -O dinuscxj--RecyclerRefreshLayout.zip
https://github.com/twitter/ambrose/archive/master.zip -O twitter--ambrose.zip
https://github.com/HotBitmapGG/bilibili-android-client/archive/master.zip -O HotBitmapGG--bilibili-android-client.zip
https://github.com/code-mc/loadtoast/archive/master.zip -O code-mc--loadtoast.zip
https://github.com/gitblit/gitblit/archive/master.zip -O gitblit--gitblit.zip
https://github.com/lguipeng/Notes/archive/master.zip -O lguipeng--Notes.zip
https://github.com/majidgolshadi/Android-Download-Manager-Pro/archive/master.zip -O majidgolshadi--Android-Download-Manager-Pro.zip
https://github.com/barteksc/AndroidPdfViewer/archive/master.zip -O barteksc--AndroidPdfViewer.zip
https://github.com/renaudcerrato/FloatingSearchView/archive/master.zip -O renaudcerrato--FloatingSearchView.zip
https://github.com/codecentric/spring-boot-admin/archive/master.zip -O codecentric--spring-boot-admin.zip
https://github.com/Kaopiz/android-segmented-control/archive/master.zip -O Kaopiz--android-segmented-control.zip
https://github.com/xmuSistone/android-page-transition/archive/master.zip -O xmuSistone--android-page-transition.zip
https://github.com/tomakehurst/wiremock/archive/master.zip -O tomakehurst--wiremock.zip
https://github.com/DevLight-Mobile-Agency/NavigationTabStrip/archive/master.zip -O DevLight-Mobile-Agency--NavigationTabStrip.zip
https://github.com/nutzam/nutz/archive/master.zip -O nutzam--nutz.zip
https://github.com/hongyangAndroid/android-percent-support-extend/archive/master.zip -O hongyangAndroid--android-percent-support-extend.zip
https://github.com/google/cameraview/archive/master.zip -O google--cameraview.zip
https://github.com/commonsguy/cw-android/archive/master.zip -O commonsguy--cw-android.zip
https://github.com/zeromq/jeromq/archive/master.zip -O zeromq--jeromq.zip
https://github.com/vekexasia/android-edittext-validator/archive/master.zip -O vekexasia--android-edittext-validator.zip
https://github.com/phonegap/phonegap-plugin-push/archive/master.zip -O phonegap--phonegap-plugin-push.zip
https://github.com/binIoter/GuideView/archive/master.zip -O binIoter--GuideView.zip
https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-video/archive/master.zip -O react-native-community--react-native-video.zip
https://github.com/liaohuqiu/android-GridViewWithHeaderAndFooter/archive/master.zip -O liaohuqiu--android-GridViewWithHeaderAndFooter.zip
https://github.com/r0adkll/Slidr/archive/master.zip -O r0adkll--Slidr.zip
https://github.com/HdrHistogram/HdrHistogram/archive/master.zip -O HdrHistogram--HdrHistogram.zip
https://github.com/grandcentrix/tray/archive/master.zip -O grandcentrix--tray.zip
https://github.com/pingpongboss/StandOut/archive/master.zip -O pingpongboss--StandOut.zip
https://github.com/Ramotion/paper-onboarding-android/archive/master.zip -O Ramotion--paper-onboarding-android.zip
https://github.com/wnafee/vector-compat/archive/master.zip -O wnafee--vector-compat.zip
https://github.com/stephentuso/welcome-android/archive/master.zip -O stephentuso--welcome-android.zip
https://github.com/jwtk/jjwt/archive/master.zip -O jwtk--jjwt.zip
https://github.com/mikepenz/FastAdapter/archive/master.zip -O mikepenz--FastAdapter.zip
https://github.com/dodola/RocooFix/archive/master.zip -O dodola--RocooFix.zip
https://github.com/igniterealtime/Smack/archive/master.zip -O igniterealtime--Smack.zip
https://github.com/blackfizz/EazeGraph/archive/master.zip -O blackfizz--EazeGraph.zip
https://github.com/UweTrottmann/SeriesGuide/archive/master.zip -O UweTrottmann--SeriesGuide.zip
https://github.com/florent37/ViewAnimator/archive/master.zip -O florent37--ViewAnimator.zip
https://github.com/henrytao-me/smooth-app-bar-layout/archive/master.zip -O henrytao-me--smooth-app-bar-layout.zip
https://github.com/soabase/exhibitor/archive/master.zip -O soabase--exhibitor.zip
https://github.com/Grover-c13/PokeGOAPI-Java/archive/master.zip -O Grover-c13--PokeGOAPI-Java.zip
https://github.com/liuling07/SimpleNews/archive/master.zip -O liuling07--SimpleNews.zip
https://github.com/xmuSistone/android-vertical-slide-view/archive/master.zip -O xmuSistone--android-vertical-slide-view.zip
https://github.com/pilgr/Paper/archive/master.zip -O pilgr--Paper.zip
https://github.com/google/jimfs/archive/master.zip -O google--jimfs.zip
https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi/archive/master.zip -O jitsi--jitsi.zip
https://github.com/txusballesteros/welcome-coordinator/archive/master.zip -O txusballesteros--welcome-coordinator.zip
https://github.com/linfaxin/TransitionPlayer/archive/master.zip -O linfaxin--TransitionPlayer.zip
https://github.com/Yalantis/pull-to-make-soup/archive/master.zip -O Yalantis--pull-to-make-soup.zip
https://github.com/apache/hive/archive/master.zip -O apache--hive.zip
https://github.com/youtube/api-samples/archive/master.zip -O youtube--api-samples.zip
https://github.com/romandanylyk/PageIndicatorView/archive/master.zip -O romandanylyk--PageIndicatorView.zip
https://github.com/renaudcerrato/ToggleDrawable/archive/master.zip -O renaudcerrato--ToggleDrawable.zip
https://github.com/lendylongli/qianghongbao/archive/master.zip -O lendylongli--qianghongbao.zip
https://github.com/dersoncheng/MultipleTheme/archive/master.zip -O dersoncheng--MultipleTheme.zip
https://github.com/saulmm/Curved-Fab-Reveal-Example/archive/master.zip -O saulmm--Curved-Fab-Reveal-Example.zip
https://github.com/medyo/android-about-page/archive/master.zip -O medyo--android-about-page.zip
https://github.com/hackware1993/MagicIndicator/archive/master.zip -O hackware1993--MagicIndicator.zip
https://github.com/square/phrase/archive/master.zip -O square--phrase.zip
https://github.com/Netflix/archaius/archive/master.zip -O Netflix--archaius.zip
https://github.com/tyzlmjj/PagerBottomTabStrip/archive/master.zip -O tyzlmjj--PagerBottomTabStrip.zip
https://github.com/Pkmmte/CircularImageView/archive/master.zip -O Pkmmte--CircularImageView.zip
https://github.com/careercup/CtCI-6th-Edition/archive/master.zip -O careercup--CtCI-6th-Edition.zip
https://github.com/XunMengWinter/CircularAnim/archive/master.zip -O XunMengWinter--CircularAnim.zip
https://github.com/romannurik/Android-WizardPager/archive/master.zip -O romannurik--Android-WizardPager.zip
https://github.com/android-cjj/BeautifulRefreshLayout/archive/master.zip -O android-cjj--BeautifulRefreshLayout.zip
https://github.com/akexorcist/Android-RoundCornerProgressBar/archive/master.zip -O akexorcist--Android-RoundCornerProgressBar.zip
https://github.com/traex/ExpandableLayout/archive/master.zip -O traex--ExpandableLayout.zip
https://github.com/DmitryMalkovich/material-design-dimens/archive/master.zip -O DmitryMalkovich--material-design-dimens.zip
https://github.com/traex/CalendarListview/archive/master.zip -O traex--CalendarListview.zip
https://github.com/500px/greedo-layout-for-android/archive/master.zip -O 500px--greedo-layout-for-android.zip
https://github.com/mixi-inc/AndroidTraining/archive/master.zip -O mixi-inc--AndroidTraining.zip
https://github.com/armcha/Space-Navigation-View/archive/master.zip -O armcha--Space-Navigation-View.zip
https://github.com/Instagram/ig-json-parser/archive/master.zip -O Instagram--ig-json-parser.zip
https://github.com/huazhiyuan2008/RecyclerViewCardGallery/archive/master.zip -O huazhiyuan2008--RecyclerViewCardGallery.zip
https://github.com/yigit/dev-summit-architecture-demo/archive/master.zip -O yigit--dev-summit-architecture-demo.zip
https://github.com/peter-lawrey/Java-Chronicle/archive/master.zip -O peter-lawrey--Java-Chronicle.zip
https://github.com/liaohuqiu/cube-sdk/archive/master.zip -O liaohuqiu--cube-sdk.zip
https://github.com/eclipse/jetty.project/archive/master.zip -O eclipse--jetty.project.zip
https://github.com/AigeStudio/WheelPicker/archive/master.zip -O AigeStudio--WheelPicker.zip
https://github.com/jasonpolites/gesture-imageview/archive/master.zip -O jasonpolites--gesture-imageview.zip
https://github.com/gowong/material-sheet-fab/archive/master.zip -O gowong--material-sheet-fab.zip
https://github.com/Cutta/GifView/archive/master.zip -O Cutta--GifView.zip
https://github.com/H07000223/FlycoDialog_Master/archive/master.zip -O H07000223--FlycoDialog_Master.zip
https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson-databind/archive/master.zip -O FasterXML--jackson-databind.zip
https://github.com/sirthias/pegdown/archive/master.zip -O sirthias--pegdown.zip
https://github.com/niorgai/StatusBarCompat/archive/master.zip -O niorgai--StatusBarCompat.zip
https://github.com/pbreault/adb-idea/archive/master.zip -O pbreault--adb-idea.zip
https://github.com/Jungerr/GridPasswordView/archive/master.zip -O Jungerr--GridPasswordView.zip
https://github.com/querydsl/querydsl/archive/master.zip -O querydsl--querydsl.zip
https://github.com/GDG-Korea/PinterestLikeAdapterView/archive/master.zip -O GDG-Korea--PinterestLikeAdapterView.zip
https://github.com/Netflix/ribbon/archive/master.zip -O Netflix--ribbon.zip
https://github.com/pcpratts/rootbeer1/archive/master.zip -O pcpratts--rootbeer1.zip
https://github.com/Q42/AndroidScrollingImageView/archive/master.zip -O Q42--AndroidScrollingImageView.zip
https://github.com/commonsguy/cwac-camera/archive/master.zip -O commonsguy--cwac-camera.zip
https://github.com/yahoo/pulsar/archive/master.zip -O yahoo--pulsar.zip
https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson-core/archive/master.zip -O FasterXML--jackson-core.zip
https://github.com/toddway/MaterialTransitions/archive/master.zip -O toddway--MaterialTransitions.zip
https://github.com/purplecabbage/phonegap-plugins/archive/master.zip -O purplecabbage--phonegap-plugins.zip
https://github.com/antoniolg/MaterializeYourApp/archive/master.zip -O antoniolg--MaterializeYourApp.zip
https://github.com/ZhaoKaiQiang/KLog/archive/master.zip -O ZhaoKaiQiang--KLog.zip
https://github.com/lucasr/smoothie/archive/master.zip -O lucasr--smoothie.zip
https://github.com/square/sqldelight/archive/master.zip -O square--sqldelight.zip
https://github.com/bingoogolapple/BGAQRCode-Android/archive/master.zip -O bingoogolapple--BGAQRCode-Android.zip
https://github.com/jmxtrans/jmxtrans/archive/master.zip -O jmxtrans--jmxtrans.zip
https://github.com/aragozin/jvm-tools/archive/master.zip -O aragozin--jvm-tools.zip
https://github.com/mongodb/morphia/archive/master.zip -O mongodb--morphia.zip
https://github.com/MiCode/FileExplorer/archive/master.zip -O MiCode--FileExplorer.zip
https://github.com/ginatrapani/todo.txt-android/archive/master.zip -O ginatrapani--todo.txt-android.zip
https://github.com/tdebatty/java-string-similarity/archive/master.zip -O tdebatty--java-string-similarity.zip
https://github.com/wrapp/floatlabelededittext/archive/master.zip -O wrapp--floatlabelededittext.zip
https://github.com/LarsWerkman/HoloColorPicker/archive/master.zip -O LarsWerkman--HoloColorPicker.zip
https://github.com/ImmortalZ/StereoView/archive/master.zip -O ImmortalZ--StereoView.zip
https://github.com/jberkel/sms-backup-plus/archive/master.zip -O jberkel--sms-backup-plus.zip
https://github.com/todoroo/astrid/archive/master.zip -O todoroo--astrid.zip
https://github.com/ppamorim/Dragger/archive/master.zip -O ppamorim--Dragger.zip
https://github.com/hongyangAndroid/AndroidChangeSkin/archive/master.zip -O hongyangAndroid--AndroidChangeSkin.zip
https://github.com/asyl/ArcAnimator/archive/master.zip -O asyl--ArcAnimator.zip
https://github.com/antonkrasov/AndroidSocialNetworks/archive/master.zip -O antonkrasov--AndroidSocialNetworks.zip
https://github.com/flschweiger/SwipeStack/archive/master.zip -O flschweiger--SwipeStack.zip
https://github.com/hidroh/materialistic/archive/master.zip -O hidroh--materialistic.zip
https://github.com/guardianproject/ChatSecureAndroid/archive/master.zip -O guardianproject--ChatSecureAndroid.zip
https://github.com/klinker24/Android-TextView-LinkBuilder/archive/master.zip -O klinker24--Android-TextView-LinkBuilder.zip
https://github.com/googlesamples/android-vision/archive/master.zip -O googlesamples--android-vision.zip
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-petclinic/archive/master.zip -O spring-projects--spring-petclinic.zip
https://github.com/twitter/elephant-bird/archive/master.zip -O twitter--elephant-bird.zip
https://github.com/brave/browser-android/archive/master.zip -O brave--browser-android.zip
https://github.com/plattysoft/Leonids/archive/master.zip -O plattysoft--Leonids.zip
https://github.com/l123456789jy/Lazy/archive/master.zip -O l123456789jy--Lazy.zip
https://github.com/tangqi92/WaveLoadingView/archive/master.zip -O tangqi92--WaveLoadingView.zip
https://github.com/hehonghui/AndroidEventBus/archive/master.zip -O hehonghui--AndroidEventBus.zip
