https://github.com/FreeCodeCamp/FreeCodeCamp/archive/master.zip -O FreeCodeCamp--FreeCodeCamp.zip
https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/archive/master.zip -O twbs--bootstrap.zip
https://github.com/d3/d3/archive/master.zip -O d3--d3.zip
https://github.com/angular/angular.js/archive/master.zip -O angular--angular.js.zip
https://github.com/facebook/react/archive/master.zip -O facebook--react.zip
https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS/archive/master.zip -O getify--You-Dont-Know-JS.zip
https://github.com/airbnb/javascript/archive/master.zip -O airbnb--javascript.zip
https://github.com/jquery/jquery/archive/master.zip -O jquery--jquery.zip
https://github.com/meteor/meteor/archive/master.zip -O meteor--meteor.zip
https://github.com/h5bp/html5-boilerplate/archive/master.zip -O h5bp--html5-boilerplate.zip
https://github.com/vuejs/vue/archive/master.zip -O vuejs--vue.zip
https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js/archive/master.zip -O hakimel--reveal.js.zip
https://github.com/impress/impress.js/archive/master.zip -O impress--impress.js.zip
https://github.com/Semantic-Org/Semantic-UI/archive/master.zip -O Semantic-Org--Semantic-UI.zip
https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/archive/master.zip -O mrdoob--three.js.zip
https://github.com/nodejs/node/archive/master.zip -O nodejs--node.zip
https://github.com/moment/moment/archive/master.zip -O moment--moment.zip
https://github.com/socketio/socket.io/archive/master.zip -O socketio--socket.io.zip
https://github.com/expressjs/express/archive/master.zip -O expressjs--express.zip
https://github.com/adobe/brackets/archive/master.zip -O adobe--brackets.zip
https://github.com/chartjs/Chart.js/archive/master.zip -O chartjs--Chart.js.zip
https://github.com/jashkenas/backbone/archive/master.zip -O jashkenas--backbone.zip
https://github.com/blueimp/jQuery-File-Upload/archive/master.zip -O blueimp--jQuery-File-Upload.zip
https://github.com/resume/resume.github.com/archive/master.zip -O resume--resume.github.com.zip
https://github.com/NARKOZ/hacker-scripts/archive/master.zip -O NARKOZ--hacker-scripts.zip
https://github.com/reactjs/redux/archive/master.zip -O reactjs--redux.zip
https://github.com/zurb/foundation-sites/archive/master.zip -O zurb--foundation-sites.zip
https://github.com/gulpjs/gulp/archive/master.zip -O gulpjs--gulp.zip
https://github.com/Dogfalo/materialize/archive/master.zip -O Dogfalo--materialize.zip
https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost/archive/master.zip -O TryGhost--Ghost.zip
https://github.com/nylas/N1/archive/master.zip -O nylas--N1.zip
https://github.com/callemall/material-ui/archive/master.zip -O callemall--material-ui.zip
https://github.com/webpack/webpack/archive/master.zip -O webpack--webpack.zip
https://github.com/lodash/lodash/archive/master.zip -O lodash--lodash.zip
https://github.com/caolan/async/archive/master.zip -O caolan--async.zip
https://github.com/jashkenas/underscore/archive/master.zip -O jashkenas--underscore.zip
https://github.com/Modernizr/Modernizr/archive/master.zip -O Modernizr--Modernizr.zip
https://github.com/tastejs/todomvc/archive/master.zip -O tastejs--todomvc.zip
https://github.com/select2/select2/archive/master.zip -O select2--select2.zip
https://github.com/babel/babel/archive/master.zip -O babel--babel.zip
https://github.com/yarnpkg/yarn/archive/master.zip -O yarnpkg--yarn.zip
https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router/archive/master.zip -O ReactTraining--react-router.zip
https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/archive/master.zip -O emberjs--ember.js.zip
https://github.com/typicode/json-server/archive/master.zip -O typicode--json-server.zip
https://github.com/alvarotrigo/fullPage.js/archive/master.zip -O alvarotrigo--fullPage.js.zip
https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet/archive/master.zip -O Leaflet--Leaflet.zip
https://github.com/kenwheeler/slick/archive/master.zip -O kenwheeler--slick.zip
https://github.com/mozilla/pdf.js/archive/master.zip -O mozilla--pdf.js.zip
https://github.com/balderdashy/sails/archive/master.zip -O balderdashy--sails.zip
https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/archive/master.zip -O adam-p--markdown-here.zip
https://github.com/Unitech/pm2/archive/master.zip -O Unitech--pm2.zip
https://github.com/facebook/immutable-js/archive/master.zip -O facebook--immutable-js.zip
https://github.com/hammerjs/hammer.js/archive/master.zip -O hammerjs--hammer.js.zip
https://github.com/angular/material/archive/master.zip -O angular--material.zip
https://github.com/bower/bower/archive/master.zip -O bower--bower.zip
https://github.com/t4t5/sweetalert/archive/master.zip -O t4t5--sweetalert.zip
https://github.com/zenorocha/clipboard.js/archive/master.zip -O zenorocha--clipboard.js.zip
https://github.com/ecomfe/echarts/archive/master.zip -O ecomfe--echarts.zip
https://github.com/defunkt/jquery-pjax/archive/master.zip -O defunkt--jquery-pjax.zip
https://github.com/justjavac/free-programming-books-zh_CN/archive/master.zip -O justjavac--free-programming-books-zh_CN.zip
https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app/archive/master.zip -O facebookincubator--create-react-app.zip
https://github.com/less/less.js/archive/master.zip -O less--less.js.zip
https://github.com/bevacqua/dragula/archive/master.zip -O bevacqua--dragula.zip
https://github.com/videojs/video.js/archive/master.zip -O videojs--video.js.zip
https://github.com/ajaxorg/ace/archive/master.zip -O ajaxorg--ace.zip
https://github.com/photonstorm/phaser/archive/master.zip -O photonstorm--phaser.zip
https://github.com/twitter/typeahead.js/archive/master.zip -O twitter--typeahead.js.zip
https://github.com/GitbookIO/gitbook/archive/master.zip -O GitbookIO--gitbook.zip
https://github.com/angular-ui/bootstrap/archive/master.zip -O angular-ui--bootstrap.zip
https://github.com/request/request/archive/master.zip -O request--request.zip
https://github.com/petkaantonov/bluebird/archive/master.zip -O petkaantonov--bluebird.zip
https://github.com/hexojs/hexo/archive/master.zip -O hexojs--hexo.zip
https://github.com/facebook/flux/archive/master.zip -O facebook--flux.zip
https://github.com/pugjs/pug/archive/master.zip -O pugjs--pug.zip
https://github.com/aosabook/500lines/archive/master.zip -O aosabook--500lines.zip
https://github.com/kriskowal/q/archive/master.zip -O kriskowal--q.zip
https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/archive/master.zip -O Reactive-Extensions--RxJS.zip
https://github.com/serverless/serverless/archive/master.zip -O serverless--serverless.zip
https://github.com/koajs/koa/archive/master.zip -O koajs--koa.zip
https://github.com/dimsemenov/PhotoSwipe/archive/master.zip -O dimsemenov--PhotoSwipe.zip
https://github.com/postcss/postcss/archive/master.zip -O postcss--postcss.zip
https://github.com/designmodo/Flat-UI/archive/master.zip -O designmodo--Flat-UI.zip
https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/archive/master.zip -O angular-ui--ui-router.zip
https://github.com/angular/angular-seed/archive/master.zip -O angular--angular-seed.zip
https://github.com/rstacruz/nprogress/archive/master.zip -O rstacruz--nprogress.zip
https://github.com/pixijs/pixi.js/archive/master.zip -O pixijs--pixi.js.zip
https://github.com/feross/webtorrent/archive/master.zip -O feross--webtorrent.zip
https://github.com/jasmine/jasmine/archive/master.zip -O jasmine--jasmine.zip
https://github.com/lord/slate/archive/master.zip -O lord--slate.zip
https://github.com/ParsePlatform/parse-server/archive/master.zip -O ParsePlatform--parse-server.zip
https://github.com/julianshapiro/velocity/archive/master.zip -O julianshapiro--velocity.zip
https://github.com/quilljs/quill/archive/master.zip -O quilljs--quill.zip
https://github.com/enyo/dropzone/archive/master.zip -O enyo--dropzone.zip
https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/archive/master.zip -O kriasoft--react-starter-kit.zip
https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt/archive/master.zip -O gruntjs--grunt.zip
https://github.com/wycats/handlebars.js/archive/master.zip -O wycats--handlebars.js.zip
https://github.com/desandro/masonry/archive/master.zip -O desandro--masonry.zip
https://github.com/github/fetch/archive/master.zip -O github--fetch.zip
https://github.com/npm/npm/archive/master.zip -O npm--npm.zip
https://github.com/jlmakes/scrollreveal/archive/master.zip -O jlmakes--scrollreveal.zip
https://github.com/FreeCodeCamp/FreeCodeCamp/archive/master.zip -O FreeCodeCamp--FreeCodeCamp.zip
https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/archive/master.zip -O twbs--bootstrap.zip
https://github.com/d3/d3/archive/master.zip -O d3--d3.zip
https://github.com/angular/angular.js/archive/master.zip -O angular--angular.js.zip
https://github.com/facebook/react/archive/master.zip -O facebook--react.zip
https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS/archive/master.zip -O getify--You-Dont-Know-JS.zip
https://github.com/airbnb/javascript/archive/master.zip -O airbnb--javascript.zip
https://github.com/jquery/jquery/archive/master.zip -O jquery--jquery.zip
https://github.com/meteor/meteor/archive/master.zip -O meteor--meteor.zip
https://github.com/h5bp/html5-boilerplate/archive/master.zip -O h5bp--html5-boilerplate.zip
https://github.com/vuejs/vue/archive/master.zip -O vuejs--vue.zip
https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js/archive/master.zip -O hakimel--reveal.js.zip
https://github.com/impress/impress.js/archive/master.zip -O impress--impress.js.zip
https://github.com/Semantic-Org/Semantic-UI/archive/master.zip -O Semantic-Org--Semantic-UI.zip
https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/archive/master.zip -O mrdoob--three.js.zip
https://github.com/nodejs/node/archive/master.zip -O nodejs--node.zip
https://github.com/moment/moment/archive/master.zip -O moment--moment.zip
https://github.com/socketio/socket.io/archive/master.zip -O socketio--socket.io.zip
https://github.com/expressjs/express/archive/master.zip -O expressjs--express.zip
https://github.com/adobe/brackets/archive/master.zip -O adobe--brackets.zip
https://github.com/chartjs/Chart.js/archive/master.zip -O chartjs--Chart.js.zip
https://github.com/jashkenas/backbone/archive/master.zip -O jashkenas--backbone.zip
https://github.com/blueimp/jQuery-File-Upload/archive/master.zip -O blueimp--jQuery-File-Upload.zip
https://github.com/resume/resume.github.com/archive/master.zip -O resume--resume.github.com.zip
https://github.com/NARKOZ/hacker-scripts/archive/master.zip -O NARKOZ--hacker-scripts.zip
https://github.com/reactjs/redux/archive/master.zip -O reactjs--redux.zip
https://github.com/zurb/foundation-sites/archive/master.zip -O zurb--foundation-sites.zip
https://github.com/gulpjs/gulp/archive/master.zip -O gulpjs--gulp.zip
https://github.com/Dogfalo/materialize/archive/master.zip -O Dogfalo--materialize.zip
https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost/archive/master.zip -O TryGhost--Ghost.zip
https://github.com/nylas/N1/archive/master.zip -O nylas--N1.zip
https://github.com/callemall/material-ui/archive/master.zip -O callemall--material-ui.zip
https://github.com/webpack/webpack/archive/master.zip -O webpack--webpack.zip
https://github.com/lodash/lodash/archive/master.zip -O lodash--lodash.zip
https://github.com/caolan/async/archive/master.zip -O caolan--async.zip
https://github.com/jashkenas/underscore/archive/master.zip -O jashkenas--underscore.zip
https://github.com/Modernizr/Modernizr/archive/master.zip -O Modernizr--Modernizr.zip
https://github.com/tastejs/todomvc/archive/master.zip -O tastejs--todomvc.zip
https://github.com/select2/select2/archive/master.zip -O select2--select2.zip
https://github.com/babel/babel/archive/master.zip -O babel--babel.zip
https://github.com/yarnpkg/yarn/archive/master.zip -O yarnpkg--yarn.zip
https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router/archive/master.zip -O ReactTraining--react-router.zip
https://github.com/typicode/json-server/archive/master.zip -O typicode--json-server.zip
https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/archive/master.zip -O emberjs--ember.js.zip
https://github.com/alvarotrigo/fullPage.js/archive/master.zip -O alvarotrigo--fullPage.js.zip
https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet/archive/master.zip -O Leaflet--Leaflet.zip
https://github.com/kenwheeler/slick/archive/master.zip -O kenwheeler--slick.zip
https://github.com/mozilla/pdf.js/archive/master.zip -O mozilla--pdf.js.zip
https://github.com/balderdashy/sails/archive/master.zip -O balderdashy--sails.zip
https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/archive/master.zip -O adam-p--markdown-here.zip
https://github.com/Unitech/pm2/archive/master.zip -O Unitech--pm2.zip
https://github.com/facebook/immutable-js/archive/master.zip -O facebook--immutable-js.zip
https://github.com/hammerjs/hammer.js/archive/master.zip -O hammerjs--hammer.js.zip
https://github.com/angular/material/archive/master.zip -O angular--material.zip
https://github.com/bower/bower/archive/master.zip -O bower--bower.zip
https://github.com/t4t5/sweetalert/archive/master.zip -O t4t5--sweetalert.zip
https://github.com/zenorocha/clipboard.js/archive/master.zip -O zenorocha--clipboard.js.zip
https://github.com/ecomfe/echarts/archive/master.zip -O ecomfe--echarts.zip
https://github.com/defunkt/jquery-pjax/archive/master.zip -O defunkt--jquery-pjax.zip
https://github.com/justjavac/free-programming-books-zh_CN/archive/master.zip -O justjavac--free-programming-books-zh_CN.zip
https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app/archive/master.zip -O facebookincubator--create-react-app.zip
https://github.com/less/less.js/archive/master.zip -O less--less.js.zip
https://github.com/bevacqua/dragula/archive/master.zip -O bevacqua--dragula.zip
https://github.com/videojs/video.js/archive/master.zip -O videojs--video.js.zip
https://github.com/ajaxorg/ace/archive/master.zip -O ajaxorg--ace.zip
https://github.com/photonstorm/phaser/archive/master.zip -O photonstorm--phaser.zip
https://github.com/twitter/typeahead.js/archive/master.zip -O twitter--typeahead.js.zip
https://github.com/GitbookIO/gitbook/archive/master.zip -O GitbookIO--gitbook.zip
https://github.com/angular-ui/bootstrap/archive/master.zip -O angular-ui--bootstrap.zip
https://github.com/request/request/archive/master.zip -O request--request.zip
https://github.com/petkaantonov/bluebird/archive/master.zip -O petkaantonov--bluebird.zip
https://github.com/hexojs/hexo/archive/master.zip -O hexojs--hexo.zip
https://github.com/facebook/flux/archive/master.zip -O facebook--flux.zip
https://github.com/pugjs/pug/archive/master.zip -O pugjs--pug.zip
https://github.com/aosabook/500lines/archive/master.zip -O aosabook--500lines.zip
https://github.com/kriskowal/q/archive/master.zip -O kriskowal--q.zip
https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/archive/master.zip -O Reactive-Extensions--RxJS.zip
https://github.com/serverless/serverless/archive/master.zip -O serverless--serverless.zip
https://github.com/koajs/koa/archive/master.zip -O koajs--koa.zip
https://github.com/dimsemenov/PhotoSwipe/archive/master.zip -O dimsemenov--PhotoSwipe.zip
https://github.com/postcss/postcss/archive/master.zip -O postcss--postcss.zip
https://github.com/designmodo/Flat-UI/archive/master.zip -O designmodo--Flat-UI.zip
https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/archive/master.zip -O angular-ui--ui-router.zip
https://github.com/angular/angular-seed/archive/master.zip -O angular--angular-seed.zip
https://github.com/rstacruz/nprogress/archive/master.zip -O rstacruz--nprogress.zip
https://github.com/pixijs/pixi.js/archive/master.zip -O pixijs--pixi.js.zip
https://github.com/feross/webtorrent/archive/master.zip -O feross--webtorrent.zip
https://github.com/jasmine/jasmine/archive/master.zip -O jasmine--jasmine.zip
https://github.com/lord/slate/archive/master.zip -O lord--slate.zip
https://github.com/ParsePlatform/parse-server/archive/master.zip -O ParsePlatform--parse-server.zip
https://github.com/julianshapiro/velocity/archive/master.zip -O julianshapiro--velocity.zip
https://github.com/quilljs/quill/archive/master.zip -O quilljs--quill.zip
https://github.com/enyo/dropzone/archive/master.zip -O enyo--dropzone.zip
https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit/archive/master.zip -O kriasoft--react-starter-kit.zip
https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt/archive/master.zip -O gruntjs--grunt.zip
https://github.com/wycats/handlebars.js/archive/master.zip -O wycats--handlebars.js.zip
https://github.com/desandro/masonry/archive/master.zip -O desandro--masonry.zip
https://github.com/github/fetch/archive/master.zip -O github--fetch.zip
https://github.com/npm/npm/archive/master.zip -O npm--npm.zip
https://github.com/jlmakes/scrollreveal/archive/master.zip -O jlmakes--scrollreveal.zip
https://github.com/riot/riot/archive/master.zip -O riot--riot.zip
https://github.com/mochajs/mocha/archive/master.zip -O mochajs--mocha.zip
https://github.com/Automattic/mongoose/archive/master.zip -O Automattic--mongoose.zip
https://github.com/node-inspector/node-inspector/archive/master.zip -O node-inspector--node-inspector.zip
https://github.com/wagerfield/parallax/archive/master.zip -O wagerfield--parallax.zip
https://github.com/etsy/statsd/archive/master.zip -O etsy--statsd.zip
https://github.com/scottjehl/Respond/archive/master.zip -O scottjehl--Respond.zip
https://github.com/Shopify/dashing/archive/master.zip -O Shopify--dashing.zip
https://github.com/substack/node-browserify/archive/master.zip -O substack--node-browserify.zip
https://github.com/codemirror/CodeMirror/archive/master.zip -O codemirror--CodeMirror.zip
https://github.com/naptha/tesseract.js/archive/master.zip -O naptha--tesseract.js.zip
https://github.com/cheeriojs/cheerio/archive/master.zip -O cheeriojs--cheerio.zip
https://github.com/mxstbr/react-boilerplate/archive/master.zip -O mxstbr--react-boilerplate.zip
https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mobile/archive/master.zip -O jquery--jquery-mobile.zip
https://github.com/janl/mustache.js/archive/master.zip -O janl--mustache.js.zip
https://github.com/requirejs/requirejs/archive/master.zip -O requirejs--requirejs.zip
https://github.com/nolimits4web/Swiper/archive/master.zip -O nolimits4web--Swiper.zip
https://github.com/VerbalExpressions/JSVerbalExpressions/archive/master.zip -O VerbalExpressions--JSVerbalExpressions.zip
https://github.com/zeit/hyper/archive/master.zip -O zeit--hyper.zip
https://github.com/jquery/jquery-ui/archive/master.zip -O jquery--jquery-ui.zip
https://github.com/addyosmani/backbone-fundamentals/archive/master.zip -O addyosmani--backbone-fundamentals.zip
https://github.com/linnovate/mean/archive/master.zip -O linnovate--mean.zip
https://github.com/MostlyAdequate/mostly-adequate-guide/archive/master.zip -O MostlyAdequate--mostly-adequate-guide.zip
https://github.com/git-tips/tips/archive/master.zip -O git-tips--tips.zip
https://github.com/RocketChat/Rocket.Chat/archive/master.zip -O RocketChat--Rocket.Chat.zip
https://github.com/browserstate/history.js/archive/master.zip -O browserstate--history.js.zip
https://github.com/juliangarnier/anime/archive/master.zip -O juliangarnier--anime.zip
https://github.com/jwagner/smartcrop.js/archive/master.zip -O jwagner--smartcrop.js.zip
https://github.com/yabwe/medium-editor/archive/master.zip -O yabwe--medium-editor.zip
https://github.com/mattermost/platform/archive/master.zip -O mattermost--platform.zip
https://github.com/Flipboard/react-canvas/archive/master.zip -O Flipboard--react-canvas.zip
https://github.com/substack/stream-handbook/archive/master.zip -O substack--stream-handbook.zip
https://github.com/jaredhanson/passport/archive/master.zip -O jaredhanson--passport.zip
https://github.com/segmentio/nightmare/archive/master.zip -O segmentio--nightmare.zip
https://github.com/remy/nodemon/archive/master.zip -O remy--nodemon.zip
https://github.com/visionmedia/superagent/archive/master.zip -O visionmedia--superagent.zip
https://github.com/ampproject/amphtml/archive/master.zip -O ampproject--amphtml.zip
https://github.com/uxsolutions/bootstrap-datepicker/archive/master.zip -O uxsolutions--bootstrap-datepicker.zip
https://github.com/adobe-webplatform/Snap.svg/archive/master.zip -O adobe-webplatform--Snap.svg.zip
https://github.com/keen/dashboards/archive/master.zip -O keen--dashboards.zip
https://github.com/selectize/selectize.js/archive/master.zip -O selectize--selectize.js.zip
https://github.com/peachananr/onepage-scroll/archive/master.zip -O peachananr--onepage-scroll.zip
https://github.com/knsv/mermaid/archive/master.zip -O knsv--mermaid.zip
https://github.com/gionkunz/chartist-js/archive/master.zip -O gionkunz--chartist-js.zip
https://github.com/scottjehl/picturefill/archive/master.zip -O scottjehl--picturefill.zip
https://github.com/benweet/stackedit/archive/master.zip -O benweet--stackedit.zip
https://github.com/foreverjs/forever/archive/master.zip -O foreverjs--forever.zip
https://github.com/dimsemenov/Magnific-Popup/archive/master.zip -O dimsemenov--Magnific-Popup.zip
https://github.com/parkjs814/AlgorithmVisualizer/archive/master.zip -O parkjs814--AlgorithmVisualizer.zip
https://github.com/JacksonTian/fks/archive/master.zip -O JacksonTian--fks.zip
https://github.com/DmitryBaranovskiy/raphael/archive/master.zip -O DmitryBaranovskiy--raphael.zip
https://github.com/WickyNilliams/headroom.js/archive/master.zip -O WickyNilliams--headroom.js.zip
https://github.com/isagalaev/highlight.js/archive/master.zip -O isagalaev--highlight.js.zip
https://github.com/Selz/plyr/archive/master.zip -O Selz--plyr.zip
https://github.com/fgnass/spin.js/archive/master.zip -O fgnass--spin.js.zip
https://github.com/RubaXa/Sortable/archive/master.zip -O RubaXa--Sortable.zip
https://github.com/petehunt/webpack-howto/archive/master.zip -O petehunt--webpack-howto.zip
https://github.com/Marak/faker.js/archive/master.zip -O Marak--faker.js.zip
https://github.com/cubiq/iscroll/archive/master.zip -O cubiq--iscroll.zip
https://github.com/DrkSephy/es6-cheatsheet/archive/master.zip -O DrkSephy--es6-cheatsheet.zip
https://github.com/yaronn/blessed-contrib/archive/master.zip -O yaronn--blessed-contrib.zip
https://github.com/pockethub/PocketHub/archive/master.zip -O pockethub--PocketHub.zip
https://github.com/sdelements/lets-chat/archive/master.zip -O sdelements--lets-chat.zip
https://github.com/NUKnightLab/TimelineJS/archive/master.zip -O NUKnightLab--TimelineJS.zip
https://github.com/jiahaog/nativefier/archive/master.zip -O jiahaog--nativefier.zip
https://github.com/legomushroom/mojs/archive/master.zip -O legomushroom--mojs.zip
https://github.com/aurelia/framework/archive/master.zip -O aurelia--framework.zip
https://github.com/keystonejs/keystone/archive/master.zip -O keystonejs--keystone.zip
https://github.com/Automattic/wp-calypso/archive/master.zip -O Automattic--wp-calypso.zip
https://github.com/carhartl/jquery-cookie/archive/master.zip -O carhartl--jquery-cookie.zip
https://github.com/ptmt/react-native-macos/archive/master.zip -O ptmt--react-native-macos.zip
https://github.com/mysqljs/mysql/archive/master.zip -O mysqljs--mysql.zip
https://github.com/mgonto/restangular/archive/master.zip -O mgonto--restangular.zip
https://github.com/sequelize/sequelize/archive/master.zip -O sequelize--sequelize.zip
https://github.com/feross/standard/archive/master.zip -O feross--standard.zip
https://github.com/facebook/draft-js/archive/master.zip -O facebook--draft-js.zip
https://github.com/erikras/react-redux-universal-hot-example/archive/master.zip -O erikras--react-redux-universal-hot-example.zip
https://github.com/BrowserSync/browser-sync/archive/master.zip -O BrowserSync--browser-sync.zip
https://github.com/daylerees/colour-schemes/archive/master.zip -O daylerees--colour-schemes.zip
https://github.com/shichuan/javascript-patterns/archive/master.zip -O shichuan--javascript-patterns.zip
https://github.com/knockout/knockout/archive/master.zip -O knockout--knockout.zip
https://github.com/chrisaljoudi/uBlock/archive/master.zip -O chrisaljoudi--uBlock.zip
https://github.com/imakewebthings/waypoints/archive/master.zip -O imakewebthings--waypoints.zip
https://github.com/fbsamples/f8app/archive/master.zip -O fbsamples--f8app.zip
https://github.com/karma-runner/karma/archive/master.zip -O karma-runner--karma.zip
https://github.com/react-bootstrap/react-bootstrap/archive/master.zip -O react-bootstrap--react-bootstrap.zip
https://github.com/janpaepke/ScrollMagic/archive/master.zip -O janpaepke--ScrollMagic.zip
https://github.com/wekan/wekan/archive/master.zip -O wekan--wekan.zip
https://github.com/sindresorhus/pageres/archive/master.zip -O sindresorhus--pageres.zip
https://github.com/strongloop/loopback/archive/master.zip -O strongloop--loopback.zip
https://github.com/aFarkas/html5shiv/archive/master.zip -O aFarkas--html5shiv.zip
https://github.com/metafizzy/isotope/archive/master.zip -O metafizzy--isotope.zip
https://github.com/FormidableLabs/webpack-dashboard/archive/master.zip -O FormidableLabs--webpack-dashboard.zip
https://github.com/gollum/gollum/archive/master.zip -O gollum--gollum.zip
https://github.com/arasatasaygin/is.js/archive/master.zip -O arasatasaygin--is.js.zip
https://github.com/stylus/stylus/archive/master.zip -O stylus--stylus.zip
https://github.com/VincentGarreau/particles.js/archive/master.zip -O VincentGarreau--particles.js.zip
https://github.com/hacksalot/HackMyResume/archive/master.zip -O hacksalot--HackMyResume.zip
https://github.com/guillaumepotier/Parsley.js/archive/master.zip -O guillaumepotier--Parsley.js.zip
https://github.com/maxwellito/vivus/archive/master.zip -O maxwellito--vivus.zip
https://github.com/facebook/relay/archive/master.zip -O facebook--relay.zip
https://github.com/oneuijs/You-Dont-Need-jQuery/archive/master.zip -O oneuijs--You-Dont-Need-jQuery.zip
https://github.com/kesenhoo/android-training-course-in-chinese/archive/master.zip -O kesenhoo--android-training-course-in-chinese.zip
https://github.com/harthur/brain/archive/master.zip -O harthur--brain.zip
https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/archive/master.zip -O systemjs--systemjs.zip
https://github.com/kamens/jQuery-menu-aim/archive/master.zip -O kamens--jQuery-menu-aim.zip
https://github.com/buunguyen/octotree/archive/master.zip -O buunguyen--octotree.zip
https://github.com/ccampbell/mousetrap/archive/master.zip -O ccampbell--mousetrap.zip
https://github.com/afaqurk/linux-dash/archive/master.zip -O afaqurk--linux-dash.zip
https://github.com/javve/list.js/archive/master.zip -O javve--list.js.zip
https://github.com/ruanyf/react-demos/archive/master.zip -O ruanyf--react-demos.zip
https://github.com/pouchdb/pouchdb/archive/master.zip -O pouchdb--pouchdb.zip
https://github.com/rollup/rollup/archive/master.zip -O rollup--rollup.zip
https://github.com/rstacruz/jquery.transit/archive/master.zip -O rstacruz--jquery.transit.zip
https://github.com/ejci/favico.js/archive/master.zip -O ejci--favico.js.zip
https://github.com/handsontable/handsontable/archive/master.zip -O handsontable--handsontable.zip
https://github.com/niklasvh/html2canvas/archive/master.zip -O niklasvh--html2canvas.zip
https://github.com/mzabriskie/axios/archive/master.zip -O mzabriskie--axios.zip
https://github.com/verekia/js-stack-from-scratch/archive/master.zip -O verekia--js-stack-from-scratch.zip
https://github.com/mishoo/UglifyJS/archive/master.zip -O mishoo--UglifyJS.zip
https://github.com/airbnb/enzyme/archive/master.zip -O airbnb--enzyme.zip
https://github.com/jaywcjlove/awesome-mac/archive/master.zip -O jaywcjlove--awesome-mac.zip
https://github.com/paperjs/paper.js/archive/master.zip -O paperjs--paper.js.zip
https://github.com/marionettejs/backbone.marionette/archive/master.zip -O marionettejs--backbone.marionette.zip
https://github.com/jessepollak/card/archive/master.zip -O jessepollak--card.zip
https://github.com/goldfire/howler.js/archive/master.zip -O goldfire--howler.js.zip
https://github.com/jzaefferer/jquery-validation/archive/master.zip -O jzaefferer--jquery-validation.zip
https://github.com/alsotang/node-lessons/archive/master.zip -O alsotang--node-lessons.zip
https://github.com/rwaldron/johnny-five/archive/master.zip -O rwaldron--johnny-five.zip
https://github.com/avajs/ava/archive/master.zip -O avajs--ava.zip
https://github.com/qrohlf/trianglify/archive/master.zip -O qrohlf--trianglify.zip
https://github.com/dthree/cash/archive/master.zip -O dthree--cash.zip
https://github.com/Netflix/falcor/archive/master.zip -O Netflix--falcor.zip
https://github.com/google/traceur-compiler/archive/master.zip -O google--traceur-compiler.zip
https://github.com/Matt-Esch/virtual-dom/archive/master.zip -O Matt-Esch--virtual-dom.zip
https://github.com/FredrikNoren/ungit/archive/master.zip -O FredrikNoren--ungit.zip
https://github.com/hapijs/hapi/archive/master.zip -O hapijs--hapi.zip
https://github.com/kkga/spacegray/archive/master.zip -O kkga--spacegray.zip
https://github.com/kadirahq/react-storybook/archive/master.zip -O kadirahq--react-storybook.zip
https://github.com/danialfarid/ng-file-upload/archive/master.zip -O danialfarid--ng-file-upload.zip
https://github.com/NodeRedis/node_redis/archive/master.zip -O NodeRedis--node_redis.zip
https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock/archive/master.zip -O gorhill--uBlock.zip
https://github.com/jshint/jshint/archive/master.zip -O jshint--jshint.zip
https://github.com/tj/co/archive/master.zip -O tj--co.zip
https://github.com/MrRio/jsPDF/archive/master.zip -O MrRio--jsPDF.zip
https://github.com/kangax/fabric.js/archive/master.zip -O kangax--fabric.js.zip
https://github.com/Famous/famous/archive/master.zip -O Famous--famous.zip
https://github.com/localForage/localForage/archive/master.zip -O localForage--localForage.zip
https://github.com/nodemailer/nodemailer/archive/master.zip -O nodemailer--nodemailer.zip
https://github.com/NetEase/pomelo/archive/master.zip -O NetEase--pomelo.zip
https://github.com/senchalabs/connect/archive/master.zip -O senchalabs--connect.zip
https://github.com/marmelab/gremlins.js/archive/master.zip -O marmelab--gremlins.js.zip
https://github.com/mailcheck/mailcheck/archive/master.zip -O mailcheck--mailcheck.zip
https://github.com/jacomyal/sigma.js/archive/master.zip -O jacomyal--sigma.js.zip
https://github.com/tmpvar/jsdom/archive/master.zip -O tmpvar--jsdom.zip
https://github.com/chenglou/react-motion/archive/master.zip -O chenglou--react-motion.zip
https://github.com/tj/commander.js/archive/master.zip -O tj--commander.js.zip
https://github.com/xing/wysihtml5/archive/master.zip -O xing--wysihtml5.zip
https://github.com/docker/kitematic/archive/master.zip -O docker--kitematic.zip
https://github.com/purifycss/purifycss/archive/master.zip -O purifycss--purifycss.zip
https://github.com/amsul/pickadate.js/archive/master.zip -O amsul--pickadate.js.zip
https://github.com/flightjs/flight/archive/master.zip -O flightjs--flight.zip
https://github.com/matthieua/WOW/archive/master.zip -O matthieua--WOW.zip
https://github.com/NodeBB/NodeBB/archive/master.zip -O NodeBB--NodeBB.zip
https://github.com/mozilla/BrowserQuest/archive/master.zip -O mozilla--BrowserQuest.zip
https://github.com/chriso/validator.js/archive/master.zip -O chriso--validator.js.zip
https://github.com/davezuko/react-redux-starter-kit/archive/master.zip -O davezuko--react-redux-starter-kit.zip
https://github.com/douglascrockford/JSON-js/archive/master.zip -O douglascrockford--JSON-js.zip
https://github.com/hpneo/gmaps/archive/master.zip -O hpneo--gmaps.zip
https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui/archive/master.zip -O swagger-api--swagger-ui.zip
https://github.com/FineUploader/fine-uploader/archive/master.zip -O FineUploader--fine-uploader.zip
https://github.com/relax/relax/archive/master.zip -O relax--relax.zip
https://github.com/winstonjs/winston/archive/master.zip -O winstonjs--winston.zip
https://github.com/mozilla/metrics-graphics/archive/master.zip -O mozilla--metrics-graphics.zip
https://github.com/c3js/c3/archive/master.zip -O c3js--c3.zip
https://github.com/elastic/kibana/archive/master.zip -O elastic--kibana.zip
https://github.com/nodejitsu/node-http-proxy/archive/master.zip -O nodejitsu--node-http-proxy.zip
https://github.com/eslint/eslint/archive/master.zip -O eslint--eslint.zip
https://github.com/ducksboard/gridster.js/archive/master.zip -O ducksboard--gridster.js.zip
https://github.com/HubSpot/tether/archive/master.zip -O HubSpot--tether.zip
https://github.com/seajs/seajs/archive/master.zip -O seajs--seajs.zip
https://github.com/casperjs/casperjs/archive/master.zip -O casperjs--casperjs.zip
https://github.com/nicolargo/glances/archive/master.zip -O nicolargo--glances.zip
https://github.com/fullcalendar/fullcalendar/archive/master.zip -O fullcalendar--fullcalendar.zip
https://github.com/dangrossman/bootstrap-daterangepicker/archive/master.zip -O dangrossman--bootstrap-daterangepicker.zip
https://github.com/facebook/jest/archive/master.zip -O facebook--jest.zip
https://github.com/thejameskyle/the-super-tiny-compiler/archive/master.zip -O thejameskyle--the-super-tiny-compiler.zip
https://github.com/mgcrea/angular-strap/archive/master.zip -O mgcrea--angular-strap.zip
https://github.com/gaearon/redux-devtools/archive/master.zip -O gaearon--redux-devtools.zip
https://github.com/briangonzalez/jquery.adaptive-backgrounds.js/archive/master.zip -O briangonzalez--jquery.adaptive-backgrounds.js.zip
https://github.com/angular-app/angular-app/archive/master.zip -O angular-app--angular-app.zip
https://github.com/angular/protractor/archive/master.zip -O angular--protractor.zip
https://github.com/sbstjn/timesheet.js/archive/master.zip -O sbstjn--timesheet.js.zip
https://github.com/Mango/slideout/archive/master.zip -O Mango--slideout.zip
https://github.com/huluoyang/freecodecamp.cn/archive/master.zip -O huluoyang--freecodecamp.cn.zip
https://github.com/jakiestfu/Snap.js/archive/master.zip -O jakiestfu--Snap.js.zip
https://github.com/ramda/ramda/archive/master.zip -O ramda--ramda.zip
https://github.com/nlp-compromise/nlp_compromise/archive/master.zip -O nlp-compromise--nlp_compromise.zip
https://github.com/zeroclipboard/zeroclipboard/archive/master.zip -O zeroclipboard--zeroclipboard.zip
https://github.com/mitmproxy/mitmproxy/archive/master.zip -O mitmproxy--mitmproxy.zip
https://github.com/shekhargulati/52-technologies-in-2016/archive/master.zip -O shekhargulati--52-technologies-in-2016.zip
https://github.com/thebird/Swipe/archive/master.zip -O thebird--Swipe.zip
https://github.com/vladikoff/chromeos-apk/archive/master.zip -O vladikoff--chromeos-apk.zip
https://github.com/mleibman/SlickGrid/archive/master.zip -O mleibman--SlickGrid.zip
https://github.com/shutterstock/rickshaw/archive/master.zip -O shutterstock--rickshaw.zip
https://github.com/restify/node-restify/archive/master.zip -O restify--node-restify.zip
https://github.com/nosir/cleave.js/archive/master.zip -O nosir--cleave.js.zip
https://github.com/ether/etherpad-lite/archive/master.zip -O ether--etherpad-lite.zip
https://github.com/desandro/imagesloaded/archive/master.zip -O desandro--imagesloaded.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/ChakraCore/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--ChakraCore.zip
https://github.com/karpathy/convnetjs/archive/master.zip -O karpathy--convnetjs.zip
https://github.com/rethinkdb/horizon/archive/master.zip -O rethinkdb--horizon.zip
https://github.com/breach/breach_core/archive/master.zip -O breach--breach_core.zip
https://github.com/taye/interact.js/archive/master.zip -O taye--interact.js.zip
https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader/archive/master.zip -O gaearon--react-hot-loader.zip
https://github.com/twitter/twemoji/archive/master.zip -O twitter--twemoji.zip
https://github.com/CodeSeven/toastr/archive/master.zip -O CodeSeven--toastr.zip
https://github.com/mozilla/togetherjs/archive/master.zip -O mozilla--togetherjs.zip
https://github.com/highcharts/highcharts/archive/master.zip -O highcharts--highcharts.zip
https://github.com/CreateJS/EaselJS/archive/master.zip -O CreateJS--EaselJS.zip
https://github.com/maxogden/art-of-node/archive/master.zip -O maxogden--art-of-node.zip
https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/archive/master.zip -O gatsbyjs--gatsby.zip
https://github.com/brunch/brunch/archive/master.zip -O brunch--brunch.zip
https://github.com/mishoo/UglifyJS2/archive/master.zip -O mishoo--UglifyJS2.zip
https://github.com/yeoman/generator-angular/archive/master.zip -O yeoman--generator-angular.zip
https://github.com/svg/svgo/archive/master.zip -O svg--svgo.zip
https://github.com/madrobby/keymaster/archive/master.zip -O madrobby--keymaster.zip
https://github.com/novus/nvd3/archive/master.zip -O novus--nvd3.zip
https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/archive/master.zip -O plotly--plotly.js.zip
https://github.com/angular-fullstack/generator-angular-fullstack/archive/master.zip -O angular-fullstack--generator-angular-fullstack.zip
https://github.com/square/crossfilter/archive/master.zip -O square--crossfilter.zip
https://github.com/cyclejs/cyclejs/archive/master.zip -O cyclejs--cyclejs.zip
https://github.com/aFarkas/lazysizes/archive/master.zip -O aFarkas--lazysizes.zip
https://github.com/AngularClass/angular2-webpack-starter/archive/master.zip -O AngularClass--angular2-webpack-starter.zip
https://github.com/jsdoc3/jsdoc/archive/master.zip -O jsdoc3--jsdoc.zip
https://github.com/stubbornella/oocss/archive/master.zip -O stubbornella--oocss.zip
https://github.com/NaturalNode/natural/archive/master.zip -O NaturalNode--natural.zip
https://github.com/es-shims/es5-shim/archive/master.zip -O es-shims--es5-shim.zip
https://github.com/shipyard/shipyard/archive/master.zip -O shipyard--shipyard.zip
https://github.com/Nickersoft/push.js/archive/master.zip -O Nickersoft--push.js.zip
https://github.com/mobxjs/mobx/archive/master.zip -O mobxjs--mobx.zip
https://github.com/nightwatchjs/nightwatch/archive/master.zip -O nightwatchjs--nightwatch.zip
https://github.com/metalsmith/metalsmith/archive/master.zip -O metalsmith--metalsmith.zip
https://github.com/greensock/GreenSock-JS/archive/master.zip -O greensock--GreenSock-JS.zip
https://github.com/akveo/blur-admin/archive/master.zip -O akveo--blur-admin.zip
https://github.com/geeeeeeeeek/electronic-wechat/archive/master.zip -O geeeeeeeeek--electronic-wechat.zip
https://github.com/jhipster/generator-jhipster/archive/master.zip -O jhipster--generator-jhipster.zip
https://github.com/gabrielbull/react-desktop/archive/master.zip -O gabrielbull--react-desktop.zip
https://github.com/louischatriot/nedb/archive/master.zip -O louischatriot--nedb.zip
https://github.com/marcuswestin/store.js/archive/master.zip -O marcuswestin--store.js.zip
https://github.com/gotwarlost/istanbul/archive/master.zip -O gotwarlost--istanbul.zip
https://github.com/dc-js/dc.js/archive/master.zip -O dc-js--dc.js.zip
https://github.com/vitalets/x-editable/archive/master.zip -O vitalets--x-editable.zip
https://github.com/facebook/nuclide/archive/master.zip -O facebook--nuclide.zip
https://github.com/ExactTarget/fuelux/archive/master.zip -O ExactTarget--fuelux.zip
https://github.com/evilstreak/markdown-js/archive/master.zip -O evilstreak--markdown-js.zip
https://github.com/silviomoreto/bootstrap-select/archive/master.zip -O silviomoreto--bootstrap-select.zip
https://github.com/flot/flot/archive/master.zip -O flot--flot.zip
https://github.com/loadfive/Knwl.js/archive/master.zip -O loadfive--Knwl.js.zip
https://github.com/paularmstrong/normalizr/archive/master.zip -O paularmstrong--normalizr.zip
https://github.com/GoogleChrome/chrome-app-samples/archive/master.zip -O GoogleChrome--chrome-app-samples.zip
https://github.com/mongodb/node-mongodb-native/archive/master.zip -O mongodb--node-mongodb-native.zip
https://github.com/summernote/summernote/archive/master.zip -O summernote--summernote.zip
https://github.com/gnab/remark/archive/master.zip -O gnab--remark.zip
https://github.com/lokesh/color-thief/archive/master.zip -O lokesh--color-thief.zip
https://github.com/reactjs/react-redux/archive/master.zip -O reactjs--react-redux.zip
https://github.com/jscs-dev/node-jscs/archive/master.zip -O jscs-dev--node-jscs.zip
https://github.com/JedWatson/react-select/archive/master.zip -O JedWatson--react-select.zip
https://github.com/olton/Metro-UI-CSS/archive/master.zip -O olton--Metro-UI-CSS.zip
https://github.com/Khan/KaTeX/archive/master.zip -O Khan--KaTeX.zip
https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/archive/master.zip -O joemccann--dillinger.zip
https://github.com/jaredreich/notie/archive/master.zip -O jaredreich--notie.zip
https://github.com/maroslaw/rainyday.js/archive/master.zip -O maroslaw--rainyday.js.zip
https://github.com/typekit/webfontloader/archive/master.zip -O typekit--webfontloader.zip
https://github.com/ractivejs/ractive/archive/master.zip -O ractivejs--ractive.zip
https://github.com/reflux/refluxjs/archive/master.zip -O reflux--refluxjs.zip
https://github.com/auchenberg/volkswagen/archive/master.zip -O auchenberg--volkswagen.zip
https://github.com/imakewebthings/deck.js/archive/master.zip -O imakewebthings--deck.js.zip
https://github.com/zeit/next.js/archive/master.zip -O zeit--next.js.zip
https://github.com/LeaVerou/awesomplete/archive/master.zip -O LeaVerou--awesomplete.zip
https://github.com/kimmobrunfeldt/progressbar.js/archive/master.zip -O kimmobrunfeldt--progressbar.js.zip
https://github.com/thejameskyle/itsy-bitsy-data-structures/archive/master.zip -O thejameskyle--itsy-bitsy-data-structures.zip
https://github.com/cnodejs/nodeclub/archive/master.zip -O cnodejs--nodeclub.zip
https://github.com/Automattic/kue/archive/master.zip -O Automattic--kue.zip
https://github.com/coryhouse/react-slingshot/archive/master.zip -O coryhouse--react-slingshot.zip
https://github.com/TelescopeJS/Telescope/archive/master.zip -O TelescopeJS--Telescope.zip
https://github.com/aterrien/jQuery-Knob/archive/master.zip -O aterrien--jQuery-Knob.zip
https://github.com/callmecavs/layzr.js/archive/master.zip -O callmecavs--layzr.js.zip
https://github.com/Pixelkit/PixelKit-Bootstrap-UI-Kits/archive/master.zip -O Pixelkit--PixelKit-Bootstrap-UI-Kits.zip
https://github.com/alexwolfe/Buttons/archive/master.zip -O alexwolfe--Buttons.zip
https://github.com/jschr/bootstrap-modal/archive/master.zip -O jschr--bootstrap-modal.zip
https://github.com/daniel-lundin/snabbt.js/archive/master.zip -O daniel-lundin--snabbt.js.zip
https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/archive/master.zip -O OAI--OpenAPI-Specification.zip
https://github.com/shelljs/shelljs/archive/master.zip -O shelljs--shelljs.zip
https://github.com/chieffancypants/angular-loading-bar/archive/master.zip -O chieffancypants--angular-loading-bar.zip
https://github.com/Laverna/laverna/archive/master.zip -O Laverna--laverna.zip
https://github.com/graphql/graphql-js/archive/master.zip -O graphql--graphql-js.zip
https://github.com/jonobr1/two.js/archive/master.zip -O jonobr1--two.js.zip
https://github.com/ruanyf/es6tutorial/archive/master.zip -O ruanyf--es6tutorial.zip
https://github.com/yelouafi/redux-saga/archive/master.zip -O yelouafi--redux-saga.zip
https://github.com/Eonasdan/bootstrap-datetimepicker/archive/master.zip -O Eonasdan--bootstrap-datetimepicker.zip
https://github.com/imsky/holder/archive/master.zip -O imsky--holder.zip
https://github.com/jquery/sizzle/archive/master.zip -O jquery--sizzle.zip
https://github.com/datproject/dat/archive/master.zip -O datproject--dat.zip
https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/selenium/archive/master.zip -O SeleniumHQ--selenium.zip
https://github.com/needim/noty/archive/master.zip -O needim--noty.zip
https://github.com/fontello/fontello/archive/master.zip -O fontello--fontello.zip
https://github.com/chjj/blessed/archive/master.zip -O chjj--blessed.zip
https://github.com/reactjs/react-router-redux/archive/master.zip -O reactjs--react-router-redux.zip
https://github.com/NeXTs/Clusterize.js/archive/master.zip -O NeXTs--Clusterize.js.zip
https://github.com/liabru/matter-js/archive/master.zip -O liabru--matter-js.zip
https://github.com/pcottle/learnGitBranching/archive/master.zip -O pcottle--learnGitBranching.zip
https://github.com/qiao/PathFinding.js/archive/master.zip -O qiao--PathFinding.js.zip
https://github.com/feathersjs/feathers/archive/master.zip -O feathersjs--feathers.zip
https://github.com/tbranyen/backbone-boilerplate/archive/master.zip -O tbranyen--backbone-boilerplate.zip
https://github.com/wenzhixin/bootstrap-table/archive/master.zip -O wenzhixin--bootstrap-table.zip
https://github.com/tommoor/tinycon/archive/master.zip -O tommoor--tinycon.zip
https://github.com/google/lovefield/archive/master.zip -O google--lovefield.zip
https://github.com/witheve/Eve/archive/master.zip -O witheve--Eve.zip
https://github.com/blasten/turn.js/archive/master.zip -O blasten--turn.js.zip
https://github.com/sergeche/emmet-sublime/archive/master.zip -O sergeche--emmet-sublime.zip
https://github.com/davatron5000/Lettering.js/archive/master.zip -O davatron5000--Lettering.js.zip
https://github.com/howdyai/botkit/archive/master.zip -O howdyai--botkit.zip
https://github.com/twitter/hogan.js/archive/master.zip -O twitter--hogan.js.zip
https://github.com/dcloudio/mui/archive/master.zip -O dcloudio--mui.zip
https://github.com/developit/preact/archive/master.zip -O developit--preact.zip
https://github.com/eligrey/FileSaver.js/archive/master.zip -O eligrey--FileSaver.js.zip
https://github.com/scrapinghub/portia/archive/master.zip -O scrapinghub--portia.zip
https://github.com/react-toolbox/react-toolbox/archive/master.zip -O react-toolbox--react-toolbox.zip
https://github.com/dbushell/Pikaday/archive/master.zip -O dbushell--Pikaday.zip
https://github.com/componentjs/component/archive/master.zip -O componentjs--component.zip
https://github.com/google/google-api-nodejs-client/archive/master.zip -O google--google-api-nodejs-client.zip
https://github.com/woocommerce/FlexSlider/archive/master.zip -O woocommerce--FlexSlider.zip
https://github.com/jackmoore/colorbox/archive/master.zip -O jackmoore--colorbox.zip
https://github.com/processing/p5.js/archive/master.zip -O processing--p5.js.zip
https://github.com/unconed/TermKit/archive/master.zip -O unconed--TermKit.zip
https://github.com/FormidableLabs/radium/archive/master.zip -O FormidableLabs--radium.zip
https://github.com/reactjs/reselect/archive/master.zip -O reactjs--reselect.zip
https://github.com/typicode/hotel/archive/master.zip -O typicode--hotel.zip
https://github.com/filamentgroup/tablesaw/archive/master.zip -O filamentgroup--tablesaw.zip
https://github.com/adamwdraper/Numeral-js/archive/master.zip -O adamwdraper--Numeral-js.zip
https://github.com/santinic/how2/archive/master.zip -O santinic--how2.zip
https://github.com/vega/vega/archive/master.zip -O vega--vega.zip
https://github.com/kevana/ui-for-docker/archive/master.zip -O kevana--ui-for-docker.zip
https://github.com/gavinkwoe/weapp-ide-crack/archive/master.zip -O gavinkwoe--weapp-ide-crack.zip
https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-grid/archive/master.zip -O angular-ui--ui-grid.zip
https://github.com/fengyuanchen/cropper/archive/master.zip -O fengyuanchen--cropper.zip
https://github.com/square/cubism/archive/master.zip -O square--cubism.zip
https://github.com/reactotron/reactotron/archive/master.zip -O reactotron--reactotron.zip
https://github.com/bendc/sprint/archive/master.zip -O bendc--sprint.zip
https://github.com/muaz-khan/WebRTC-Experiment/archive/master.zip -O muaz-khan--WebRTC-Experiment.zip
https://github.com/bramp/js-sequence-diagrams/archive/master.zip -O bramp--js-sequence-diagrams.zip
https://github.com/sockjs/sockjs-client/archive/master.zip -O sockjs--sockjs-client.zip
https://github.com/js-cookie/js-cookie/archive/master.zip -O js-cookie--js-cookie.zip
https://github.com/almende/vis/archive/master.zip -O almende--vis.zip
https://github.com/visionmedia/page.js/archive/master.zip -O visionmedia--page.js.zip
https://github.com/flatiron/director/archive/master.zip -O flatiron--director.zip
https://github.com/madebymany/sir-trevor-js/archive/master.zip -O madebymany--sir-trevor-js.zip
https://github.com/OscarGodson/EpicEditor/archive/master.zip -O OscarGodson--EpicEditor.zip
https://github.com/johndyer/mediaelement/archive/master.zip -O johndyer--mediaelement.zip
https://github.com/HabitRPG/habitica/archive/master.zip -O HabitRPG--habitica.zip
https://github.com/appium/appium/archive/master.zip -O appium--appium.zip
https://github.com/eduardolundgren/tracking.js/archive/master.zip -O eduardolundgren--tracking.js.zip
https://github.com/medialize/URI.js/archive/master.zip -O medialize--URI.js.zip
https://github.com/trueadm/inferno/archive/master.zip -O trueadm--inferno.zip
https://github.com/fabien-d/alertify.js/archive/master.zip -O fabien-d--alertify.js.zip
https://github.com/dieulot/instantclick/archive/master.zip -O dieulot--instantclick.zip
https://github.com/decosoftware/deco-ide/archive/master.zip -O decosoftware--deco-ide.zip
https://github.com/infinite-scroll/infinite-scroll/archive/master.zip -O infinite-scroll--infinite-scroll.zip
https://github.com/simplefocus/FlowType.JS/archive/master.zip -O simplefocus--FlowType.JS.zip
https://github.com/visionmedia/supertest/archive/master.zip -O visionmedia--supertest.zip
https://github.com/deployd/deployd/archive/master.zip -O deployd--deployd.zip
https://github.com/koenbok/Framer/archive/master.zip -O koenbok--Framer.zip
https://github.com/deepstreamIO/deepstream.io/archive/master.zip -O deepstreamIO--deepstream.io.zip
https://github.com/segmentio/myth/archive/master.zip -O segmentio--myth.zip
https://github.com/OwlFonk/OwlCarousel/archive/master.zip -O OwlFonk--OwlCarousel.zip
https://github.com/rendrjs/rendr/archive/master.zip -O rendrjs--rendr.zip
https://github.com/erikras/redux-form/archive/master.zip -O erikras--redux-form.zip
https://github.com/nzakas/computer-science-in-javascript/archive/master.zip -O nzakas--computer-science-in-javascript.zip
https://github.com/beautify-web/js-beautify/archive/master.zip -O beautify-web--js-beautify.zip
https://github.com/jhollingworth/bootstrap-wysihtml5/archive/master.zip -O jhollingworth--bootstrap-wysihtml5.zip
https://github.com/josephg/ShareJS/archive/master.zip -O josephg--ShareJS.zip
https://github.com/openstf/stf/archive/master.zip -O openstf--stf.zip
https://github.com/peers/peerjs/archive/master.zip -O peers--peerjs.zip
https://github.com/ngbp/ngbp/archive/master.zip -O ngbp--ngbp.zip
https://github.com/assaf/zombie/archive/master.zip -O assaf--zombie.zip
https://github.com/websockets/ws/archive/master.zip -O websockets--ws.zip
https://github.com/derbyjs/derby/archive/master.zip -O derbyjs--derby.zip
https://github.com/umdjs/umd/archive/master.zip -O umdjs--umd.zip
https://github.com/tholman/elevator.js/archive/master.zip -O tholman--elevator.js.zip
https://github.com/giakki/uncss/archive/master.zip -O giakki--uncss.zip
https://github.com/chalk/chalk/archive/master.zip -O chalk--chalk.zip
https://github.com/krakenjs/kraken-js/archive/master.zip -O krakenjs--kraken-js.zip
https://github.com/sintaxi/harp/archive/master.zip -O sintaxi--harp.zip
https://github.com/DataTables/DataTables/archive/master.zip -O DataTables--DataTables.zip
https://github.com/gaearon/react-dnd/archive/master.zip -O gaearon--react-dnd.zip
https://github.com/chentsulin/electron-react-boilerplate/archive/master.zip -O chentsulin--electron-react-boilerplate.zip
https://github.com/rmurphey/js-assessment/archive/master.zip -O rmurphey--js-assessment.zip
https://github.com/liftoff/GateOne/archive/master.zip -O liftoff--GateOne.zip
https://github.com/node-nock/nock/archive/master.zip -O node-nock--nock.zip
https://github.com/bpampuch/pdfmake/archive/master.zip -O bpampuch--pdfmake.zip
https://github.com/leanote/leanote/archive/master.zip -O leanote--leanote.zip
https://github.com/bespokejs/bespoke/archive/master.zip -O bespokejs--bespoke.zip
https://github.com/ConnorAtherton/walkway/archive/master.zip -O ConnorAtherton--walkway.zip
https://github.com/mathiasbynens/jquery-placeholder/archive/master.zip -O mathiasbynens--jquery-placeholder.zip
https://github.com/headjs/headjs/archive/master.zip -O headjs--headjs.zip
https://github.com/indexzero/http-server/archive/master.zip -O indexzero--http-server.zip
https://github.com/showdownjs/showdown/archive/master.zip -O showdownjs--showdown.zip
https://github.com/Huddle/PhantomCSS/archive/master.zip -O Huddle--PhantomCSS.zip
https://github.com/sdc-alibaba/SUI-Mobile/archive/master.zip -O sdc-alibaba--SUI-Mobile.zip
https://github.com/syntaxhighlighter/syntaxhighlighter/archive/master.zip -O syntaxhighlighter--syntaxhighlighter.zip
https://github.com/markdalgleish/stellar.js/archive/master.zip -O markdalgleish--stellar.js.zip
https://github.com/jimhigson/oboe.js/archive/master.zip -O jimhigson--oboe.js.zip
https://github.com/angular-translate/angular-translate/archive/master.zip -O angular-translate--angular-translate.zip
https://github.com/fancyapps/fancyBox/archive/master.zip -O fancyapps--fancyBox.zip
https://github.com/moxiecode/plupload/archive/master.zip -O moxiecode--plupload.zip
https://github.com/luis-almeida/unveil/archive/master.zip -O luis-almeida--unveil.zip
https://github.com/noraesae/perfect-scrollbar/archive/master.zip -O noraesae--perfect-scrollbar.zip
https://github.com/sofish/pen/archive/master.zip -O sofish--pen.zip
https://github.com/brianc/node-postgres/archive/master.zip -O brianc--node-postgres.zip
https://github.com/rauchg/slackin/archive/master.zip -O rauchg--slackin.zip
https://github.com/mafintosh/peerflix/archive/master.zip -O mafintosh--peerflix.zip
https://github.com/sandstorm-io/sandstorm/archive/master.zip -O sandstorm-io--sandstorm.zip
https://github.com/JedWatson/classnames/archive/master.zip -O JedWatson--classnames.zip
https://github.com/vigetlabs/gulp-starter/archive/master.zip -O vigetlabs--gulp-starter.zip
https://github.com/olistic/warriorjs/archive/master.zip -O olistic--warriorjs.zip
https://github.com/ankane/chartkick/archive/master.zip -O ankane--chartkick.zip
https://github.com/VPenkov/okayNav/archive/master.zip -O VPenkov--okayNav.zip
https://github.com/MrSwitch/hello.js/archive/master.zip -O MrSwitch--hello.js.zip
https://github.com/dtao/lazy.js/archive/master.zip -O dtao--lazy.js.zip
https://github.com/IonicaBizau/git-stats/archive/master.zip -O IonicaBizau--git-stats.zip
https://github.com/RubyLouvre/avalon/archive/master.zip -O RubyLouvre--avalon.zip
https://github.com/substack/browserify-handbook/archive/master.zip -O substack--browserify-handbook.zip
https://github.com/este/este/archive/master.zip -O este--este.zip
https://github.com/socketio/socket.io-client/archive/master.zip -O socketio--socket.io-client.zip
https://github.com/happyworm/jPlayer/archive/master.zip -O happyworm--jPlayer.zip
https://github.com/aframevr/aframe/archive/master.zip -O aframevr--aframe.zip
https://github.com/jakiestfu/Medium.js/archive/master.zip -O jakiestfu--Medium.js.zip
https://github.com/Swiip/generator-gulp-angular/archive/master.zip -O Swiip--generator-gulp-angular.zip
https://github.com/TalAter/UpUp/archive/master.zip -O TalAter--UpUp.zip
https://github.com/josdejong/mathjs/archive/master.zip -O josdejong--mathjs.zip
https://github.com/viljamis/responsive-nav.js/archive/master.zip -O viljamis--responsive-nav.js.zip
https://github.com/meanjs/mean/archive/master.zip -O meanjs--mean.zip
https://github.com/keithwhor/nodal/archive/master.zip -O keithwhor--nodal.zip
https://github.com/AllThingsSmitty/jquery-tips-everyone-should-know/archive/master.zip -O AllThingsSmitty--jquery-tips-everyone-should-know.zip
https://github.com/lovell/sharp/archive/master.zip -O lovell--sharp.zip
https://github.com/square/cube/archive/master.zip -O square--cube.zip
https://github.com/svgdotjs/svg.js/archive/master.zip -O svgdotjs--svg.js.zip
https://github.com/aui/artTemplate/archive/master.zip -O aui--artTemplate.zip
https://github.com/recharts/recharts/archive/master.zip -O recharts--recharts.zip
https://github.com/densitydesign/raw/archive/master.zip -O densitydesign--raw.zip
https://github.com/mjmlio/mjml/archive/master.zip -O mjmlio--mjml.zip
https://github.com/malsup/form/archive/master.zip -O malsup--form.zip
https://github.com/BabylonJS/Babylon.js/archive/master.zip -O BabylonJS--Babylon.js.zip
https://github.com/zeman/perfmap/archive/master.zip -O zeman--perfmap.zip
https://github.com/auduno/clmtrackr/archive/master.zip -O auduno--clmtrackr.zip
https://github.com/HubSpot/messenger/archive/master.zip -O HubSpot--messenger.zip
https://github.com/visionmedia/move.js/archive/master.zip -O visionmedia--move.js.zip
https://github.com/keeweb/keeweb/archive/master.zip -O keeweb--keeweb.zip
https://github.com/BBC-News/Imager.js/archive/master.zip -O BBC-News--Imager.js.zip
https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/archive/master.zip -O GoogleChrome--lighthouse.zip
https://github.com/hapijs/joi/archive/master.zip -O hapijs--joi.zip
https://github.com/olivernn/lunr.js/archive/master.zip -O olivernn--lunr.js.zip
https://github.com/erming/shout/archive/master.zip -O erming--shout.zip
https://github.com/srobbin/jquery-backstretch/archive/master.zip -O srobbin--jquery-backstretch.zip
https://github.com/es-analysis/plato/archive/master.zip -O es-analysis--plato.zip
https://github.com/jariz/vibrant.js/archive/master.zip -O jariz--vibrant.js.zip
https://github.com/Freeboard/freeboard/archive/master.zip -O Freeboard--freeboard.zip
https://github.com/you-dont-need/You-Dont-Need-Lodash-Underscore/archive/master.zip -O you-dont-need--You-Dont-Need-Lodash-Underscore.zip
https://github.com/FormidableLabs/spectacle/archive/master.zip -O FormidableLabs--spectacle.zip
https://github.com/filamentgroup/loadCSS/archive/master.zip -O filamentgroup--loadCSS.zip
https://github.com/addyosmani/critical/archive/master.zip -O addyosmani--critical.zip
https://github.com/luruke/barba.js/archive/master.zip -O luruke--barba.js.zip
https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce/archive/master.zip -O tinymce--tinymce.zip
https://github.com/OnsenUI/OnsenUI/archive/master.zip -O OnsenUI--OnsenUI.zip
https://github.com/brave/browser-laptop/archive/master.zip -O brave--browser-laptop.zip
https://github.com/faye/faye/archive/master.zip -O faye--faye.zip
https://github.com/nswbmw/N-blog/archive/master.zip -O nswbmw--N-blog.zip
https://github.com/justjavac/awesome-wechat-weapp/archive/master.zip -O justjavac--awesome-wechat-weapp.zip
https://github.com/makeusabrew/bootbox/archive/master.zip -O makeusabrew--bootbox.zip
https://github.com/metabase/metabase/archive/master.zip -O metabase--metabase.zip
https://github.com/tgriesser/bookshelf/archive/master.zip -O tgriesser--bookshelf.zip
https://github.com/typicode/lowdb/archive/master.zip -O typicode--lowdb.zip
https://github.com/Microsoft/Windows-universal-samples/archive/master.zip -O Microsoft--Windows-universal-samples.zip
https://github.com/nasa/openmct/archive/master.zip -O nasa--openmct.zip
https://github.com/bvaughn/react-virtualized/archive/master.zip -O bvaughn--react-virtualized.zip
https://github.com/stefanpenner/es6-promise/archive/master.zip -O stefanpenner--es6-promise.zip
https://github.com/bebraw/jswiki/archive/master.zip -O bebraw--jswiki.zip
https://github.com/vuejs/vuex/archive/master.zip -O vuejs--vuex.zip
https://github.com/idiot/unslider/archive/master.zip -O idiot--unslider.zip
https://github.com/butterproject/butter-desktop/archive/master.zip -O butterproject--butter-desktop.zip
https://github.com/sweet-js/sweet.js/archive/master.zip -O sweet-js--sweet.js.zip
https://github.com/Strider-CD/strider/archive/master.zip -O Strider-CD--strider.zip
https://github.com/mholt/PapaParse/archive/master.zip -O mholt--PapaParse.zip
https://github.com/reapp/reapp/archive/master.zip -O reapp--reapp.zip
https://github.com/tessalt/echo-chamber-js/archive/master.zip -O tessalt--echo-chamber-js.zip
https://github.com/aheckmann/gm/archive/master.zip -O aheckmann--gm.zip
https://github.com/bitwiseshiftleft/sjcl/archive/master.zip -O bitwiseshiftleft--sjcl.zip
https://github.com/auth0/node-jsonwebtoken/archive/master.zip -O auth0--node-jsonwebtoken.zip
https://github.com/mrdoob/stats.js/archive/master.zip -O mrdoob--stats.js.zip
https://github.com/CodeboxIDE/codebox/archive/master.zip -O CodeboxIDE--codebox.zip
https://github.com/visionmedia/debug/archive/master.zip -O visionmedia--debug.zip
https://github.com/MarshallOfSound/Google-Play-Music-Desktop-Player-UNOFFICIAL-/archive/master.zip -O MarshallOfSound--Google-Play-Music-Desktop-Player-UNOFFICIAL-.zip
https://github.com/tgriesser/knex/archive/master.zip -O tgriesser--knex.zip
https://github.com/copy/v86/archive/master.zip -O copy--v86.zip
https://github.com/reactjs/react-rails/archive/master.zip -O reactjs--react-rails.zip
https://github.com/theintern/intern/archive/master.zip -O theintern--intern.zip
https://github.com/qunitjs/qunit/archive/master.zip -O qunitjs--qunit.zip
https://github.com/PrismJS/prism/archive/master.zip -O PrismJS--prism.zip
https://github.com/timuric/Content-generator-sketch-plugin/archive/master.zip -O timuric--Content-generator-sketch-plugin.zip
https://github.com/wilsonpage/fastdom/archive/master.zip -O wilsonpage--fastdom.zip
https://github.com/fex-team/webuploader/archive/master.zip -O fex-team--webuploader.zip
https://github.com/broofa/node-uuid/archive/master.zip -O broofa--node-uuid.zip
https://github.com/os-js/OS.js/archive/master.zip -O os-js--OS.js.zip
https://github.com/tholman/zenpen/archive/master.zip -O tholman--zenpen.zip
https://github.com/TalAter/annyang/archive/master.zip -O TalAter--annyang.zip
https://github.com/localtunnel/localtunnel/archive/master.zip -O localtunnel--localtunnel.zip
https://github.com/driftyco/ng-cordova/archive/master.zip -O driftyco--ng-cordova.zip
https://github.com/mozilla/nunjucks/archive/master.zip -O mozilla--nunjucks.zip
https://github.com/patrickkunka/mixitup/archive/master.zip -O patrickkunka--mixitup.zip
https://github.com/duojs/duo/archive/master.zip -O duojs--duo.zip
https://github.com/phonegap/phonegap-start/archive/master.zip -O phonegap--phonegap-start.zip
https://github.com/cjb/GitTorrent/archive/master.zip -O cjb--GitTorrent.zip
https://github.com/dthree/vorpal/archive/master.zip -O dthree--vorpal.zip
https://github.com/pa7/heatmap.js/archive/master.zip -O pa7--heatmap.js.zip
https://github.com/rmm5t/jquery-timeago/archive/master.zip -O rmm5t--jquery-timeago.zip
https://github.com/mathjax/MathJax/archive/master.zip -O mathjax--MathJax.zip
https://github.com/fraywing/textAngular/archive/master.zip -O fraywing--textAngular.zip
https://github.com/callmecavs/bricks.js/archive/master.zip -O callmecavs--bricks.js.zip
https://github.com/stevenwanderski/bxslider-4/archive/master.zip -O stevenwanderski--bxslider-4.zip
https://github.com/primer/octicons/archive/master.zip -O primer--octicons.zip
https://github.com/linkedin/hopscotch/archive/master.zip -O linkedin--hopscotch.zip
https://github.com/ericdrowell/KineticJS/archive/master.zip -O ericdrowell--KineticJS.zip
https://github.com/SBoudrias/Inquirer.js/archive/master.zip -O SBoudrias--Inquirer.js.zip
https://github.com/trentm/node-bunyan/archive/master.zip -O trentm--node-bunyan.zip
https://github.com/zhukov/webogram/archive/master.zip -O zhukov--webogram.zip
https://github.com/chaijs/chai/archive/master.zip -O chaijs--chai.zip
https://github.com/mesos/chronos/archive/master.zip -O mesos--chronos.zip
https://github.com/neilj/Squire/archive/master.zip -O neilj--Squire.zip
https://github.com/CSSLint/csslint/archive/master.zip -O CSSLint--csslint.zip
https://github.com/tweenjs/tween.js/archive/master.zip -O tweenjs--tween.js.zip
https://github.com/yui/yui3/archive/master.zip -O yui--yui3.zip
https://github.com/geuis/helium-css/archive/master.zip -O geuis--helium-css.zip
https://github.com/MoOx/postcss-cssnext/archive/master.zip -O MoOx--postcss-cssnext.zip
https://github.com/prose/prose/archive/master.zip -O prose--prose.zip
https://github.com/guardian/scribe/archive/master.zip -O guardian--scribe.zip
https://github.com/yahoo/react-intl/archive/master.zip -O yahoo--react-intl.zip
https://github.com/felixge/node-style-guide/archive/master.zip -O felixge--node-style-guide.zip
https://github.com/SheetJS/js-xlsx/archive/master.zip -O SheetJS--js-xlsx.zip
https://github.com/camwiegert/in-view/archive/master.zip -O camwiegert--in-view.zip
https://github.com/prerender/prerender/archive/master.zip -O prerender--prerender.zip
https://github.com/algolia/places/archive/master.zip -O algolia--places.zip
https://github.com/socketstream/socketstream/archive/master.zip -O socketstream--socketstream.zip
https://github.com/OwlCarousel2/OwlCarousel2/archive/master.zip -O OwlCarousel2--OwlCarousel2.zip
https://github.com/mattbryson/TouchSwipe-Jquery-Plugin/archive/master.zip -O mattbryson--TouchSwipe-Jquery-Plugin.zip
https://github.com/SocketCluster/socketcluster/archive/master.zip -O SocketCluster--socketcluster.zip
https://github.com/ipselon/structor/archive/master.zip -O ipselon--structor.zip
https://github.com/node-red/node-red/archive/master.zip -O node-red--node-red.zip
https://github.com/sinonjs/sinon/archive/master.zip -O sinonjs--sinon.zip
https://github.com/apidoc/apidoc/archive/master.zip -O apidoc--apidoc.zip
https://github.com/sentsin/layer/archive/master.zip -O sentsin--layer.zip
https://github.com/gaearon/redux-thunk/archive/master.zip -O gaearon--redux-thunk.zip
https://github.com/segmentio/analytics.js/archive/master.zip -O segmentio--analytics.js.zip
https://github.com/jspm/jspm-cli/archive/master.zip -O jspm--jspm-cli.zip
https://github.com/balderdashy/waterline/archive/master.zip -O balderdashy--waterline.zip
https://github.com/twitter/labella.js/archive/master.zip -O twitter--labella.js.zip
https://github.com/adrai/flowchart.js/archive/master.zip -O adrai--flowchart.js.zip
https://github.com/sarcadass/granim.js/archive/master.zip -O sarcadass--granim.js.zip
https://github.com/LeaVerou/prefixfree/archive/master.zip -O LeaVerou--prefixfree.zip
https://github.com/node-webot/wechat/archive/master.zip -O node-webot--wechat.zip
https://github.com/gaearon/react-transform-boilerplate/archive/master.zip -O gaearon--react-transform-boilerplate.zip
https://github.com/madhums/node-express-mongoose-demo/archive/master.zip -O madhums--node-express-mongoose-demo.zip
https://github.com/felixge/node-formidable/archive/master.zip -O felixge--node-formidable.zip
https://github.com/subprotocol/verlet-js/archive/master.zip -O subprotocol--verlet-js.zip
https://github.com/Popmotion/popmotion/archive/master.zip -O Popmotion--popmotion.zip
https://github.com/krasimir/react-in-patterns/archive/master.zip -O krasimir--react-in-patterns.zip
https://github.com/thx/RAP/archive/master.zip -O thx--RAP.zip
https://github.com/bnoguchi/everyauth/archive/master.zip -O bnoguchi--everyauth.zip
https://github.com/kenkeiter/skeuocard/archive/master.zip -O kenkeiter--skeuocard.zip
https://github.com/ksky521/nodePPT/archive/master.zip -O ksky521--nodePPT.zip
https://github.com/necolas/react-native-web/archive/master.zip -O necolas--react-native-web.zip
https://github.com/badges/shields/archive/master.zip -O badges--shields.zip
https://github.com/shipitjs/shipit/archive/master.zip -O shipitjs--shipit.zip
https://github.com/spine/spine/archive/master.zip -O spine--spine.zip
https://github.com/krisk/Fuse/archive/master.zip -O krisk--Fuse.zip
https://github.com/chjj/tty.js/archive/master.zip -O chjj--tty.js.zip
https://github.com/kdzwinel/betwixt/archive/master.zip -O kdzwinel--betwixt.zip
https://github.com/graphite-project/graphite-web/archive/master.zip -O graphite-project--graphite-web.zip
https://github.com/blakeembrey/code-problems/archive/master.zip -O blakeembrey--code-problems.zip
https://github.com/maxogden/menubar/archive/master.zip -O maxogden--menubar.zip
https://github.com/Jam3/devtool/archive/master.zip -O Jam3--devtool.zip
https://github.com/marmelab/ng-admin/archive/master.zip -O marmelab--ng-admin.zip
https://github.com/ruipgil/scraperjs/archive/master.zip -O ruipgil--scraperjs.zip
https://github.com/jdorn/json-editor/archive/master.zip -O jdorn--json-editor.zip
https://github.com/jquery/jquery-mousewheel/archive/master.zip -O jquery--jquery-mousewheel.zip
https://github.com/henryboldi/felony/archive/master.zip -O henryboldi--felony.zip
https://github.com/dthree/vantage/archive/master.zip -O dthree--vantage.zip
https://github.com/slap-editor/slap/archive/master.zip -O slap-editor--slap.zip
https://github.com/metafizzy/flickity/archive/master.zip -O metafizzy--flickity.zip
https://github.com/mattboldt/typed.js/archive/master.zip -O mattboldt--typed.js.zip
https://github.com/peterramsing/lost/archive/master.zip -O peterramsing--lost.zip
https://github.com/benoitvallon/react-native-nw-react-calculator/archive/master.zip -O benoitvallon--react-native-nw-react-calculator.zip
https://github.com/sass/node-sass/archive/master.zip -O sass--node-sass.zip
https://github.com/lapwinglabs/x-ray/archive/master.zip -O lapwinglabs--x-ray.zip
https://github.com/goatslacker/alt/archive/master.zip -O goatslacker--alt.zip
https://github.com/kripken/sql.js/archive/master.zip -O kripken--sql.js.zip
https://github.com/fzaninotto/uptime/archive/master.zip -O fzaninotto--uptime.zip
https://github.com/vvo/gifify/archive/master.zip -O vvo--gifify.zip
https://github.com/sstephenson/prototype/archive/master.zip -O sstephenson--prototype.zip
https://github.com/andrewplummer/Sugar/archive/master.zip -O andrewplummer--Sugar.zip
https://github.com/jakesgordon/javascript-state-machine/archive/master.zip -O jakesgordon--javascript-state-machine.zip
https://github.com/carrot/share-button/archive/master.zip -O carrot--share-button.zip
https://github.com/rlidwka/sinopia/archive/master.zip -O rlidwka--sinopia.zip
https://github.com/luin/medis/archive/master.zip -O luin--medis.zip
https://github.com/IanLunn/Sequence/archive/master.zip -O IanLunn--Sequence.zip
https://github.com/matthew-andrews/isomorphic-fetch/archive/master.zip -O matthew-andrews--isomorphic-fetch.zip
https://github.com/Bilibili/flv.js/archive/master.zip -O Bilibili--flv.js.zip
https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-boilerplate/archive/master.zip -O gaearon--react-hot-boilerplate.zip
https://github.com/FezVrasta/popper.js/archive/master.zip -O FezVrasta--popper.js.zip
https://github.com/tildeio/rsvp.js/archive/master.zip -O tildeio--rsvp.js.zip
https://github.com/clappr/clappr/archive/master.zip -O clappr--clappr.zip
https://github.com/facebook/fixed-data-table/archive/master.zip -O facebook--fixed-data-table.zip
https://github.com/google/end-to-end/archive/master.zip -O google--end-to-end.zip
https://github.com/kolodny/exercises/archive/master.zip -O kolodny--exercises.zip
https://github.com/fat/zoom.js/archive/master.zip -O fat--zoom.js.zip
https://github.com/lokesh/lightbox2/archive/master.zip -O lokesh--lightbox2.zip
https://github.com/auduno/headtrackr/archive/master.zip -O auduno--headtrackr.zip
https://github.com/nfarina/homebridge/archive/master.zip -O nfarina--homebridge.zip
https://github.com/viljamis/ResponsiveSlides.js/archive/master.zip -O viljamis--ResponsiveSlides.js.zip
https://github.com/epeli/underscore.string/archive/master.zip -O epeli--underscore.string.zip
https://github.com/amfe/lib-flexible/archive/master.zip -O amfe--lib-flexible.zip
https://github.com/scottschiller/SoundManager2/archive/master.zip -O scottschiller--SoundManager2.zip
https://github.com/hiloteam/Hilo/archive/master.zip -O hiloteam--Hilo.zip
https://github.com/AlexNisnevich/untrusted/archive/master.zip -O AlexNisnevich--untrusted.zip
https://github.com/yhat/rodeo/archive/master.zip -O yhat--rodeo.zip
https://github.com/tj/ejs/archive/master.zip -O tj--ejs.zip
https://github.com/substack/tape/archive/master.zip -O substack--tape.zip
https://github.com/Voog/wysihtml/archive/master.zip -O Voog--wysihtml.zip
https://github.com/jsplumb/jsPlumb/archive/master.zip -O jsplumb--jsPlumb.zip
https://github.com/cujojs/when/archive/master.zip -O cujojs--when.zip
https://github.com/race604/ZhiHuDaily-React-Native/archive/master.zip -O race604--ZhiHuDaily-React-Native.zip
https://github.com/elementalui/elemental/archive/master.zip -O elementalui--elemental.zip
https://github.com/etsy/hound/archive/master.zip -O etsy--hound.zip
https://github.com/hootsuite/grid/archive/master.zip -O hootsuite--grid.zip
https://github.com/openexchangerates/accounting.js/archive/master.zip -O openexchangerates--accounting.js.zip
https://github.com/jsbin/jsbin/archive/master.zip -O jsbin--jsbin.zip
https://github.com/gskinner/regexr/archive/master.zip -O gskinner--regexr.zip
https://github.com/mozbrick/brick/archive/master.zip -O mozbrick--brick.zip
https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor-dev/archive/master.zip -O ckeditor--ckeditor-dev.zip
https://github.com/brianchirls/Seriously.js/archive/master.zip -O brianchirls--Seriously.js.zip
https://github.com/sindresorhus/screenfull.js/archive/master.zip -O sindresorhus--screenfull.js.zip
https://github.com/doublespeakgames/adarkroom/archive/master.zip -O doublespeakgames--adarkroom.zip
https://github.com/kanaka/noVNC/archive/master.zip -O kanaka--noVNC.zip
https://github.com/cazala/synaptic/archive/master.zip -O cazala--synaptic.zip
https://github.com/olado/doT/archive/master.zip -O olado--doT.zip
https://github.com/thejameskyle/spectacle-code-slide/archive/master.zip -O thejameskyle--spectacle-code-slide.zip
https://github.com/facebook/react-devtools/archive/master.zip -O facebook--react-devtools.zip
https://github.com/VodkaBears/Vide/archive/master.zip -O VodkaBears--Vide.zip
https://github.com/thinkgem/jeesite/archive/master.zip -O thinkgem--jeesite.zip
https://github.com/aurajs/aura/archive/master.zip -O aurajs--aura.zip
https://github.com/toddmotto/echo/archive/master.zip -O toddmotto--echo.zip
https://github.com/sachinchoolur/lightgallery.js/archive/master.zip -O sachinchoolur--lightgallery.js.zip
https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/archive/master.zip -O ember-cli--ember-cli.zip
https://github.com/23/resumable.js/archive/master.zip -O 23--resumable.js.zip
https://github.com/Aerolab/midnight.js/archive/master.zip -O Aerolab--midnight.js.zip
https://github.com/WickyNilliams/enquire.js/archive/master.zip -O WickyNilliams--enquire.js.zip
https://github.com/casesandberg/react-color/archive/master.zip -O casesandberg--react-color.zip
https://github.com/likeastore/ngDialog/archive/master.zip -O likeastore--ngDialog.zip
https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-elements/archive/master.zip -O react-native-community--react-native-elements.zip
https://github.com/vakata/jstree/archive/master.zip -O vakata--jstree.zip
https://github.com/creationix/js-git/archive/master.zip -O creationix--js-git.zip
https://github.com/acdlite/recompose/archive/master.zip -O acdlite--recompose.zip
https://github.com/Hashnode/mern-starter/archive/master.zip -O Hashnode--mern-starter.zip
https://github.com/jonathantneal/flexibility/archive/master.zip -O jonathantneal--flexibility.zip
https://github.com/pbakaus/scroller/archive/master.zip -O pbakaus--scroller.zip
https://github.com/ruanyf/webpack-demos/archive/master.zip -O ruanyf--webpack-demos.zip
https://github.com/mnutt/hummingbird/archive/master.zip -O mnutt--hummingbird.zip
https://github.com/codemix/fast.js/archive/master.zip -O codemix--fast.js.zip
https://github.com/anijs/anijs/archive/master.zip -O anijs--anijs.zip
https://github.com/ternjs/tern/archive/master.zip -O ternjs--tern.zip
https://github.com/reactjs/react-tutorial/archive/master.zip -O reactjs--react-tutorial.zip
https://github.com/rishabhp/bideo.js/archive/master.zip -O rishabhp--bideo.js.zip
https://github.com/petruisfan/node-supervisor/archive/master.zip -O petruisfan--node-supervisor.zip
https://github.com/quirkey/sammy/archive/master.zip -O quirkey--sammy.zip
https://github.com/broccolijs/broccoli/archive/master.zip -O broccolijs--broccoli.zip
https://github.com/jonschlinkert/remarkable/archive/master.zip -O jonschlinkert--remarkable.zip
https://github.com/tj/frontend-boilerplate/archive/master.zip -O tj--frontend-boilerplate.zip
https://github.com/webrtc/samples/archive/master.zip -O webrtc--samples.zip
https://github.com/hakimel/css/archive/master.zip -O hakimel--css.zip
https://github.com/oblador/react-native-vector-icons/archive/master.zip -O oblador--react-native-vector-icons.zip
https://github.com/yyx990803/vue-resource/archive/master.zip -O yyx990803--vue-resource.zip
https://github.com/baidu-ife/ife/archive/master.zip -O baidu-ife--ife.zip
https://github.com/mikeric/rivets/archive/master.zip -O mikeric--rivets.zip
https://github.com/mailru/FileAPI/archive/master.zip -O mailru--FileAPI.zip
https://github.com/anthonyshort/deku/archive/master.zip -O anthonyshort--deku.zip
https://github.com/nervgh/angular-file-upload/archive/master.zip -O nervgh--angular-file-upload.zip
https://github.com/reactioncommerce/reaction/archive/master.zip -O reactioncommerce--reaction.zip
https://github.com/primus/primus/archive/master.zip -O primus--primus.zip
https://github.com/andyet/SimpleWebRTC/archive/master.zip -O andyet--SimpleWebRTC.zip
https://github.com/infinitered/ignite/archive/master.zip -O infinitered--ignite.zip
https://github.com/rigoneri/syte/archive/master.zip -O rigoneri--syte.zip
https://github.com/justjavac/Google-IPs/archive/master.zip -O justjavac--Google-IPs.zip
https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-packager/archive/master.zip -O electron-userland--electron-packager.zip
https://github.com/airbnb/infinity/archive/master.zip -O airbnb--infinity.zip
https://github.com/Khan/tota11y/archive/master.zip -O Khan--tota11y.zip
https://github.com/STRML/react-grid-layout/archive/master.zip -O STRML--react-grid-layout.zip
https://github.com/flesler/jquery.scrollTo/archive/master.zip -O flesler--jquery.scrollTo.zip
https://github.com/KartikTalwar/gmail.js/archive/master.zip -O KartikTalwar--gmail.js.zip
https://github.com/dylang/npm-check/archive/master.zip -O dylang--npm-check.zip
https://github.com/wellcaffeinated/PhysicsJS/archive/master.zip -O wellcaffeinated--PhysicsJS.zip
https://github.com/BorisMoore/jquery-tmpl/archive/master.zip -O BorisMoore--jquery-tmpl.zip
https://github.com/Soundnode/soundnode-app/archive/master.zip -O Soundnode--soundnode-app.zip
https://github.com/gajus/react-css-modules/archive/master.zip -O gajus--react-css-modules.zip
https://github.com/dularion/streama/archive/master.zip -O dularion--streama.zip
https://github.com/socketio/engine.io/archive/master.zip -O socketio--engine.io.zip
https://github.com/vuejs/vue-router/archive/master.zip -O vuejs--vue-router.zip
https://github.com/amark/gun/archive/master.zip -O amark--gun.zip
https://github.com/artberri/sidr/archive/master.zip -O artberri--sidr.zip
https://github.com/douglascrockford/JSLint/archive/master.zip -O douglascrockford--JSLint.zip
https://github.com/kennethcachia/background-check/archive/master.zip -O kennethcachia--background-check.zip
https://github.com/gss/engine/archive/master.zip -O gss--engine.zip
https://github.com/redfin/react-server/archive/master.zip -O redfin--react-server.zip
https://github.com/JoelBesada/scrollpath/archive/master.zip -O JoelBesada--scrollpath.zip
https://github.com/jeromeetienne/jquery-qrcode/archive/master.zip -O jeromeetienne--jquery-qrcode.zip
https://github.com/malihu/malihu-custom-scrollbar-plugin/archive/master.zip -O malihu--malihu-custom-scrollbar-plugin.zip
https://github.com/Zhouzi/TheaterJS/archive/master.zip -O Zhouzi--TheaterJS.zip
https://github.com/addyosmani/basket.js/archive/master.zip -O addyosmani--basket.js.zip
https://github.com/kandanapp/kandan/archive/master.zip -O kandanapp--kandan.zip
https://github.com/yeoman/generator-webapp/archive/master.zip -O yeoman--generator-webapp.zip
https://github.com/yoshuawuyts/choo/archive/master.zip -O yoshuawuyts--choo.zip
https://github.com/astoilkov/jsblocks/archive/master.zip -O astoilkov--jsblocks.zip
https://github.com/jackmoore/autosize/archive/master.zip -O jackmoore--autosize.zip
https://github.com/jipegit/OSXAuditor/archive/master.zip -O jipegit--OSXAuditor.zip
https://github.com/Pasvaz/bindonce/archive/master.zip -O Pasvaz--bindonce.zip
https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-select/archive/master.zip -O angular-ui--ui-select.zip
https://github.com/node-schedule/node-schedule/archive/master.zip -O node-schedule--node-schedule.zip
https://github.com/google/blockly/archive/master.zip -O google--blockly.zip
https://github.com/jschr/textillate/archive/master.zip -O jschr--textillate.zip
https://github.com/zachfitz/Ionic-Material/archive/master.zip -O zachfitz--Ionic-Material.zip
https://github.com/acgotaku/BaiduExporter/archive/master.zip -O acgotaku--BaiduExporter.zip
https://github.com/techfort/LokiJS/archive/master.zip -O techfort--LokiJS.zip
https://github.com/arkency/reactjs_koans/archive/master.zip -O arkency--reactjs_koans.zip
https://github.com/muicss/mui/archive/master.zip -O muicss--mui.zip
https://github.com/paularmstrong/swig/archive/master.zip -O paularmstrong--swig.zip
https://github.com/BloombergMedia/whatiscode/archive/master.zip -O BloombergMedia--whatiscode.zip
https://github.com/flarum/core/archive/master.zip -O flarum--core.zip
https://github.com/mattkrick/meatier/archive/master.zip -O mattkrick--meatier.zip
https://github.com/mycolorway/simditor/archive/master.zip -O mycolorway--simditor.zip
https://github.com/apache/couchdb/archive/master.zip -O apache--couchdb.zip
https://github.com/emberjs/data/archive/master.zip -O emberjs--data.zip
https://github.com/isaacs/node-glob/archive/master.zip -O isaacs--node-glob.zip
https://github.com/alvarotrigo/pagePiling.js/archive/master.zip -O alvarotrigo--pagePiling.js.zip
https://github.com/JexCheng/regulex/archive/master.zip -O JexCheng--regulex.zip
https://github.com/mcasimir/mobile-angular-ui/archive/master.zip -O mcasimir--mobile-angular-ui.zip
https://github.com/josdejong/jsoneditor/archive/master.zip -O josdejong--jsoneditor.zip
https://github.com/gwendall/way.js/archive/master.zip -O gwendall--way.js.zip
https://github.com/oklai/koala/archive/master.zip -O oklai--koala.zip
https://github.com/kikinteractive/app/archive/master.zip -O kikinteractive--app.zip
https://github.com/angular/angular-phonecat/archive/master.zip -O angular--angular-phonecat.zip
https://github.com/node-apn/node-apn/archive/master.zip -O node-apn--node-apn.zip
https://github.com/PixelsCommander/HTML-GL/archive/master.zip -O PixelsCommander--HTML-GL.zip
https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it/archive/master.zip -O markdown-it--markdown-it.zip
https://github.com/hybridgroup/cylon/archive/master.zip -O hybridgroup--cylon.zip
https://github.com/nolanlawson/optimize-js/archive/master.zip -O nolanlawson--optimize-js.zip
https://github.com/yuche/vue-strap/archive/master.zip -O yuche--vue-strap.zip
https://github.com/sroze/ngInfiniteScroll/archive/master.zip -O sroze--ngInfiniteScroll.zip
https://github.com/facebook/mention-bot/archive/master.zip -O facebook--mention-bot.zip
https://github.com/YePpHa/YouTubeCenter/archive/master.zip -O YePpHa--YouTubeCenter.zip
https://github.com/a8m/angular-filter/archive/master.zip -O a8m--angular-filter.zip
https://github.com/desandro/draggabilly/archive/master.zip -O desandro--draggabilly.zip
https://github.com/grevory/angular-local-storage/archive/master.zip -O grevory--angular-local-storage.zip
https://github.com/yahoo/gifshot/archive/master.zip -O yahoo--gifshot.zip
https://github.com/sunspot/sunspot/archive/master.zip -O sunspot--sunspot.zip
https://github.com/jquery/globalize/archive/master.zip -O jquery--globalize.zip
https://github.com/happypoulp/redux-tutorial/archive/master.zip -O happypoulp--redux-tutorial.zip
https://github.com/reworkcss/rework/archive/master.zip -O reworkcss--rework.zip
https://github.com/futurice/pepperoni-app-kit/archive/master.zip -O futurice--pepperoni-app-kit.zip
https://github.com/Stuk/jszip/archive/master.zip -O Stuk--jszip.zip
https://github.com/wulkano/kap/archive/master.zip -O wulkano--kap.zip
https://github.com/SlexAxton/yepnope.js/archive/master.zip -O SlexAxton--yepnope.js.zip
https://github.com/kvz/locutus/archive/master.zip -O kvz--locutus.zip
https://github.com/ccampbell/rainbow/archive/master.zip -O ccampbell--rainbow.zip
https://github.com/aksonov/react-native-router-flux/archive/master.zip -O aksonov--react-native-router-flux.zip
https://github.com/Raynos/mercury/archive/master.zip -O Raynos--mercury.zip
https://github.com/Moeditor/Moeditor/archive/master.zip -O Moeditor--Moeditor.zip
https://github.com/chjj/ttystudio/archive/master.zip -O chjj--ttystudio.zip
https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js/archive/master.zip -O aws--aws-sdk-js.zip
https://github.com/moose-team/friends/archive/master.zip -O moose-team--friends.zip
https://github.com/mikesall/charted/archive/master.zip -O mikesall--charted.zip
https://github.com/michalsnik/aos/archive/master.zip -O michalsnik--aos.zip
https://github.com/fantasyland/fantasy-land/archive/master.zip -O fantasyland--fantasy-land.zip
https://github.com/airbnb/react-dates/archive/master.zip -O airbnb--react-dates.zip
https://github.com/lebab/lebab/archive/master.zip -O lebab--lebab.zip
https://github.com/caolan/highland/archive/master.zip -O caolan--highland.zip
https://github.com/testem/testem/archive/master.zip -O testem--testem.zip
https://github.com/davidshimjs/qrcodejs/archive/master.zip -O davidshimjs--qrcodejs.zip
https://github.com/darsain/sly/archive/master.zip -O darsain--sly.zip
https://github.com/cytoscape/cytoscape.js/archive/master.zip -O cytoscape--cytoscape.js.zip
https://github.com/jetpacapp/DeepBeliefSDK/archive/master.zip -O jetpacapp--DeepBeliefSDK.zip
https://github.com/metafizzy/packery/archive/master.zip -O metafizzy--packery.zip
