https://github.com/poolqf/PQFCustomLoaders/archive/master.zip -O poolqf--PQFCustomLoaders.zip
https://github.com/lobianco/ALAlertBanner/archive/master.zip -O lobianco--ALAlertBanner.zip
https://github.com/stripe/stripe-ios/archive/master.zip -O stripe--stripe-ios.zip
https://github.com/tristanhimmelman/THSpringyCollectionView/archive/master.zip -O tristanhimmelman--THSpringyCollectionView.zip
https://github.com/DrummerB/BFNavigationBarDrawer/archive/master.zip -O DrummerB--BFNavigationBarDrawer.zip
https://github.com/ArtemGordinsky/Spotifree/archive/master.zip -O ArtemGordinsky--Spotifree.zip
https://github.com/LeoNatan/LNNotificationsUI/archive/master.zip -O LeoNatan--LNNotificationsUI.zip
https://github.com/SergioChan/SCTrelloNavigation/archive/master.zip -O SergioChan--SCTrelloNavigation.zip
https://github.com/erichoracek/Motif/archive/master.zip -O erichoracek--Motif.zip
https://github.com/raymondjavaxx/SpinKit-ObjC/archive/master.zip -O raymondjavaxx--SpinKit-ObjC.zip
https://github.com/lovemo/MVVMFramework/archive/master.zip -O lovemo--MVVMFramework.zip
https://github.com/mikebuss/MTBBarcodeScanner/archive/master.zip -O mikebuss--MTBBarcodeScanner.zip
https://github.com/neonichu/BBUDebuggerTuckAway/archive/master.zip -O neonichu--BBUDebuggerTuckAway.zip
https://github.com/12207480/TYAlertController/archive/master.zip -O 12207480--TYAlertController.zip
https://github.com/iphone5solo/PYSearch/archive/master.zip -O iphone5solo--PYSearch.zip
https://github.com/heardrwt/RHAddressBook/archive/master.zip -O heardrwt--RHAddressBook.zip
https://github.com/gsdios/SDPhotoBrowser/archive/master.zip -O gsdios--SDPhotoBrowser.zip
https://github.com/gskbyte/GSKStretchyHeaderView/archive/master.zip -O gskbyte--GSKStretchyHeaderView.zip
https://github.com/rnapier/RNCachingURLProtocol/archive/master.zip -O rnapier--RNCachingURLProtocol.zip
https://github.com/bang590/JSPatchX/archive/master.zip -O bang590--JSPatchX.zip
https://github.com/yannickl/YLMoment/archive/master.zip -O yannickl--YLMoment.zip
https://github.com/NZN/NZAlertView/archive/master.zip -O NZN--NZAlertView.zip
https://github.com/ibireme/YYImage/archive/master.zip -O ibireme--YYImage.zip
https://github.com/ryanolsonk/LLDB-QuickLook/archive/master.zip -O ryanolsonk--LLDB-QuickLook.zip
https://github.com/yujitach/MenuMeters/archive/master.zip -O yujitach--MenuMeters.zip
https://github.com/romaonthego/REComposeViewController/archive/master.zip -O romaonthego--REComposeViewController.zip
https://github.com/calimarkus/JDFlipNumberView/archive/master.zip -O calimarkus--JDFlipNumberView.zip
https://github.com/mutualmobile/MMProgressHUD/archive/master.zip -O mutualmobile--MMProgressHUD.zip
https://github.com/eklipse2k8/FilterKit/archive/master.zip -O eklipse2k8--FilterKit.zip
https://github.com/youtube/youtube-ios-player-helper/archive/master.zip -O youtube--youtube-ios-player-helper.zip
https://github.com/nicklockwood/NullSafe/archive/master.zip -O nicklockwood--NullSafe.zip
https://github.com/liuzhiyi1992/ZYCornerRadius/archive/master.zip -O liuzhiyi1992--ZYCornerRadius.zip
https://github.com/shpakovski/MASShortcut/archive/master.zip -O shpakovski--MASShortcut.zip
https://github.com/Cocoanetics/DTFoundation/archive/master.zip -O Cocoanetics--DTFoundation.zip
https://github.com/enormego/PhotoViewer/archive/master.zip -O enormego--PhotoViewer.zip
https://github.com/stefanceriu/SCSiriWaveformView/archive/master.zip -O stefanceriu--SCSiriWaveformView.zip
https://github.com/venmo/VENTokenField/archive/master.zip -O venmo--VENTokenField.zip
https://github.com/zrxq/UIView-EasingFunctions/archive/master.zip -O zrxq--UIView-EasingFunctions.zip
https://github.com/mmackh/IPDFCameraViewController/archive/master.zip -O mmackh--IPDFCameraViewController.zip
https://github.com/lazerwalker/Theseus/archive/master.zip -O lazerwalker--Theseus.zip
https://github.com/marcuswestin/WebViewProxy/archive/master.zip -O marcuswestin--WebViewProxy.zip
https://github.com/mamaral/Facade/archive/master.zip -O mamaral--Facade.zip
https://github.com/FabrizioBrancati/BFKit/archive/master.zip -O FabrizioBrancati--BFKit.zip
https://github.com/jdberry/tag/archive/master.zip -O jdberry--tag.zip
https://github.com/square/spacecommander/archive/master.zip -O square--spacecommander.zip
https://github.com/TonnyTao/DoubanAlbum/archive/master.zip -O TonnyTao--DoubanAlbum.zip
https://github.com/TaimurAyaz/TAOverlay/archive/master.zip -O TaimurAyaz--TAOverlay.zip
https://github.com/keefo/CATweaker/archive/master.zip -O keefo--CATweaker.zip
https://github.com/mattt/Orbiter/archive/master.zip -O mattt--Orbiter.zip
https://github.com/jwilling/JWFolders/archive/master.zip -O jwilling--JWFolders.zip
https://github.com/croath/UIImageView-BetterFace/archive/master.zip -O croath--UIImageView-BetterFace.zip
https://github.com/Telerik-Verified-Plugins/WKWebView/archive/master.zip -O Telerik-Verified-Plugins--WKWebView.zip
https://github.com/AlvaroFranco/AFDropdownNotification/archive/master.zip -O AlvaroFranco--AFDropdownNotification.zip
https://github.com/claaslange/iOS7Colors/archive/master.zip -O claaslange--iOS7Colors.zip
https://github.com/lmmenge/WatchSpringboard-Prototype/archive/master.zip -O lmmenge--WatchSpringboard-Prototype.zip
https://github.com/eaigner/DataKit/archive/master.zip -O eaigner--DataKit.zip
https://github.com/robbiehanson/KissXML/archive/master.zip -O robbiehanson--KissXML.zip
https://github.com/mikeMTOL/UIBarButtonItem-Badge/archive/master.zip -O mikeMTOL--UIBarButtonItem-Badge.zip
https://github.com/xissburg/XBPageCurl/archive/master.zip -O xissburg--XBPageCurl.zip
https://github.com/zyprosoft/ZYChat/archive/master.zip -O zyprosoft--ZYChat.zip
https://github.com/SebastianThiebaud/STTweetLabel/archive/master.zip -O SebastianThiebaud--STTweetLabel.zip
https://github.com/jaykz52/CKCalendar/archive/master.zip -O jaykz52--CKCalendar.zip
https://github.com/kronik/DKLiveBlur/archive/master.zip -O kronik--DKLiveBlur.zip
https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveCocoaLayout/archive/master.zip -O ReactiveCocoa--ReactiveCocoaLayout.zip
https://github.com/mrcrow/MRoundedButton/archive/master.zip -O mrcrow--MRoundedButton.zip
https://github.com/runmad/RMSwipeTableViewCell/archive/master.zip -O runmad--RMSwipeTableViewCell.zip
https://github.com/xhzengAIB/PopMenu/archive/master.zip -O xhzengAIB--PopMenu.zip
https://github.com/m1entus/MZFormSheetPresentationController/archive/master.zip -O m1entus--MZFormSheetPresentationController.zip
https://github.com/michaelhenry/MHNatGeoViewControllerTransition/archive/master.zip -O michaelhenry--MHNatGeoViewControllerTransition.zip
https://github.com/fabiocaccamo/FCFileManager/archive/master.zip -O fabiocaccamo--FCFileManager.zip
https://github.com/vicoapp/vico/archive/master.zip -O vicoapp--vico.zip
https://github.com/mamaral/Organic/archive/master.zip -O mamaral--Organic.zip
https://github.com/infinum/FBAnnotationClustering/archive/master.zip -O infinum--FBAnnotationClustering.zip
https://github.com/cocos2d/cocos2d-iphone-extensions/archive/master.zip -O cocos2d--cocos2d-iphone-extensions.zip
https://github.com/kokoabim/iOSOpenDev/archive/master.zip -O kokoabim--iOSOpenDev.zip
https://github.com/michaeljbishop/NGAParallaxMotion/archive/master.zip -O michaeljbishop--NGAParallaxMotion.zip
https://github.com/istornz/iPokeGo/archive/master.zip -O istornz--iPokeGo.zip
https://github.com/li6185377/LKDBHelper-SQLite-ORM/archive/master.zip -O li6185377--LKDBHelper-SQLite-ORM.zip
https://github.com/Wl201314/JoyDemo/archive/master.zip -O Wl201314--JoyDemo.zip
https://github.com/Charlesyaoxin/NeiHanDuanZI/archive/master.zip -O Charlesyaoxin--NeiHanDuanZI.zip
https://github.com/WhiteHouse/wh-app-ios/archive/master.zip -O WhiteHouse--wh-app-ios.zip
https://github.com/sveinbjornt/Platypus/archive/master.zip -O sveinbjornt--Platypus.zip
https://github.com/nevyn/CoreDragon/archive/master.zip -O nevyn--CoreDragon.zip
https://github.com/betzerra/MosaicUI/archive/master.zip -O betzerra--MosaicUI.zip
https://github.com/victorBaro/VBFJellyView/archive/master.zip -O victorBaro--VBFJellyView.zip
https://github.com/daltoniam/DCAnimationKit/archive/master.zip -O daltoniam--DCAnimationKit.zip
https://github.com/Wondermall/Doppelganger/archive/master.zip -O Wondermall--Doppelganger.zip
https://github.com/mattt/SkyLab/archive/master.zip -O mattt--SkyLab.zip
https://github.com/andreamazz/UITextField-Shake/archive/master.zip -O andreamazz--UITextField-Shake.zip
https://github.com/steipete/PSPushPopPressView/archive/master.zip -O steipete--PSPushPopPressView.zip
https://github.com/stefanceriu/SCXcodeSwitchExpander/archive/master.zip -O stefanceriu--SCXcodeSwitchExpander.zip
https://github.com/don/BluetoothSerial/archive/master.zip -O don--BluetoothSerial.zip
https://github.com/applidium/ADClusterMapView/archive/master.zip -O applidium--ADClusterMapView.zip
https://github.com/lyokato/FBDigitalFont/archive/master.zip -O lyokato--FBDigitalFont.zip
https://github.com/molon/MLEmojiLabel/archive/master.zip -O molon--MLEmojiLabel.zip
https://github.com/meilbn/MyOne-iOS/archive/master.zip -O meilbn--MyOne-iOS.zip
https://github.com/xhzengAIB/XHRefreshControl/archive/master.zip -O xhzengAIB--XHRefreshControl.zip
https://github.com/beamly/BMYScrollableNavigationBar/archive/master.zip -O beamly--BMYScrollableNavigationBar.zip
https://github.com/nihalahmed/GameCenterManager/archive/master.zip -O nihalahmed--GameCenterManager.zip
https://github.com/mindsnacks/MSWeakTimer/archive/master.zip -O mindsnacks--MSWeakTimer.zip
https://github.com/AFNetworking/AFNetworking/archive/master.zip -O AFNetworking--AFNetworking.zip
https://github.com/rs/SDWebImage/archive/master.zip -O rs--SDWebImage.zip
https://github.com/BradLarson/GPUImage/archive/master.zip -O BradLarson--GPUImage.zip
https://github.com/SnapKit/Masonry/archive/master.zip -O SnapKit--Masonry.zip
https://github.com/jdg/MBProgressHUD/archive/master.zip -O jdg--MBProgressHUD.zip
https://github.com/ccgus/fmdb/archive/master.zip -O ccgus--fmdb.zip
https://github.com/Mantle/Mantle/archive/master.zip -O Mantle--Mantle.zip
https://github.com/magicalpanda/MagicalRecord/archive/master.zip -O magicalpanda--MagicalRecord.zip
https://github.com/RestKit/RestKit/archive/master.zip -O RestKit--RestKit.zip
https://github.com/facebook/AsyncDisplayKit/archive/master.zip -O facebook--AsyncDisplayKit.zip
https://github.com/alcatraz/Alcatraz/archive/master.zip -O alcatraz--Alcatraz.zip
https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/archive/master.zip -O jessesquires--JSQMessagesViewController.zip
https://github.com/CoderMJLee/MJRefresh/archive/master.zip -O CoderMJLee--MJRefresh.zip
https://github.com/realm/realm-cocoa/archive/master.zip -O realm--realm-cocoa.zip
https://github.com/SVProgressHUD/SVProgressHUD/archive/master.zip -O SVProgressHUD--SVProgressHUD.zip
https://github.com/ibireme/YYKit/archive/master.zip -O ibireme--YYKit.zip
https://github.com/nicklockwood/iCarousel/archive/master.zip -O nicklockwood--iCarousel.zip
https://github.com/CocoaLumberjack/CocoaLumberjack/archive/master.zip -O CocoaLumberjack--CocoaLumberjack.zip
https://github.com/onevcat/VVDocumenter-Xcode/archive/master.zip -O onevcat--VVDocumenter-Xcode.zip
https://github.com/kevinzhow/PNChart/archive/master.zip -O kevinzhow--PNChart.zip
https://github.com/facebookarchive/three20/archive/master.zip -O facebookarchive--three20.zip
https://github.com/robbiehanson/CocoaAsyncSocket/archive/master.zip -O robbiehanson--CocoaAsyncSocket.zip
https://github.com/hackiftekhar/IQKeyboardManager/archive/master.zip -O hackiftekhar--IQKeyboardManager.zip
https://github.com/marcuswestin/WebViewJavascriptBridge/archive/master.zip -O marcuswestin--WebViewJavascriptBridge.zip
https://github.com/Grouper/FlatUIKit/archive/master.zip -O Grouper--FlatUIKit.zip
https://github.com/facebook/Shimmer/archive/master.zip -O facebook--Shimmer.zip
https://github.com/ViccAlexander/Chameleon/archive/master.zip -O ViccAlexander--Chameleon.zip
https://github.com/path/FastImageCache/archive/master.zip -O path--FastImageCache.zip
https://github.com/slackhq/SlackTextViewController/archive/master.zip -O slackhq--SlackTextViewController.zip
https://github.com/TTTAttributedLabel/TTTAttributedLabel/archive/master.zip -O TTTAttributedLabel--TTTAttributedLabel.zip
https://github.com/OpenEmu/OpenEmu/archive/master.zip -O OpenEmu--OpenEmu.zip
https://github.com/Flipboard/FLEX/archive/master.zip -O Flipboard--FLEX.zip
https://github.com/matryer/bitbar/archive/master.zip -O matryer--bitbar.zip
https://github.com/mwaterfall/MWPhotoBrowser/archive/master.zip -O mwaterfall--MWPhotoBrowser.zip
https://github.com/dzenbot/DZNEmptyDataSet/archive/master.zip -O dzenbot--DZNEmptyDataSet.zip
https://github.com/forkingdog/UITableView-FDTemplateLayoutCell/archive/master.zip -O forkingdog--UITableView-FDTemplateLayoutCell.zip
https://github.com/romaonthego/RESideMenu/archive/master.zip -O romaonthego--RESideMenu.zip
https://github.com/eczarny/spectacle/archive/master.zip -O eczarny--spectacle.zip
https://github.com/Aufree/trip-to-iOS/archive/master.zip -O Aufree--trip-to-iOS.zip
https://github.com/CEWendel/SWTableViewCell/archive/master.zip -O CEWendel--SWTableViewCell.zip
https://github.com/CoderMJLee/MJExtension/archive/master.zip -O CoderMJLee--MJExtension.zip
https://github.com/jigish/slate/archive/master.zip -O jigish--slate.zip
https://github.com/jverkoey/nimbus/archive/master.zip -O jverkoey--nimbus.zip
https://github.com/facebook/xctool/archive/master.zip -O facebook--xctool.zip
https://github.com/facebook/SocketRocket/archive/master.zip -O facebook--SocketRocket.zip
https://github.com/git-up/GitUp/archive/master.zip -O git-up--GitUp.zip
https://github.com/johnezang/JSONKit/archive/master.zip -O johnezang--JSONKit.zip
https://github.com/PureLayout/PureLayout/archive/master.zip -O PureLayout--PureLayout.zip
https://github.com/tonymillion/Reachability/archive/master.zip -O tonymillion--Reachability.zip
https://github.com/IFTTT/JazzHands/archive/master.zip -O IFTTT--JazzHands.zip
https://github.com/jverdi/JVFloatLabeledTextField/archive/master.zip -O jverdi--JVFloatLabeledTextField.zip
https://github.com/mutualmobile/MMDrawerController/archive/master.zip -O mutualmobile--MMDrawerController.zip
https://github.com/zwaldowski/BlocksKit/archive/master.zip -O zwaldowski--BlocksKit.zip
https://github.com/pokeb/asi-http-request/archive/master.zip -O pokeb--asi-http-request.zip
https://github.com/jsonmodel/jsonmodel/archive/master.zip -O jsonmodel--jsonmodel.zip
https://github.com/facebook/facebook-ios-sdk/archive/master.zip -O facebook--facebook-ios-sdk.zip
https://github.com/ibireme/YYText/archive/master.zip -O ibireme--YYText.zip
https://github.com/square/PonyDebugger/archive/master.zip -O square--PonyDebugger.zip
https://github.com/MacDownApp/macdown/archive/master.zip -O MacDownApp--macdown.zip
https://github.com/facebook/KVOController/archive/master.zip -O facebook--KVOController.zip
https://github.com/CanvasPod/Canvas/archive/master.zip -O CanvasPod--Canvas.zip
https://github.com/schneiderandre/popping/archive/master.zip -O schneiderandre--popping.zip
https://github.com/ViewDeck/ViewDeck/archive/master.zip -O ViewDeck--ViewDeck.zip
https://github.com/gnachman/iTerm2/archive/master.zip -O gnachman--iTerm2.zip
https://github.com/levey/AwesomeMenu/archive/master.zip -O levey--AwesomeMenu.zip
https://github.com/Flipboard/FLAnimatedImage/archive/master.zip -O Flipboard--FLAnimatedImage.zip
https://github.com/MatthewYork/DateTools/archive/master.zip -O MatthewYork--DateTools.zip
https://github.com/BoltsFramework/Bolts-ObjC/archive/master.zip -O BoltsFramework--Bolts-ObjC.zip
https://github.com/michaeltyson/TPKeyboardAvoiding/archive/master.zip -O michaeltyson--TPKeyboardAvoiding.zip
https://github.com/robbiehanson/XMPPFramework/archive/master.zip -O robbiehanson--XMPPFramework.zip
https://github.com/nst/iOS-Runtime-Headers/archive/master.zip -O nst--iOS-Runtime-Headers.zip
https://github.com/ResearchKit/ResearchKit/archive/master.zip -O ResearchKit--ResearchKit.zip
https://github.com/KrauseFx/TSMessages/archive/master.zip -O KrauseFx--TSMessages.zip
https://github.com/nicklockwood/FXBlurView/archive/master.zip -O nicklockwood--FXBlurView.zip
https://github.com/Cocoanetics/DTCoreText/archive/master.zip -O Cocoanetics--DTCoreText.zip
https://github.com/XVimProject/XVim/archive/master.zip -O XVimProject--XVim.zip
https://github.com/samvermette/SVPullToRefresh/archive/master.zip -O samvermette--SVPullToRefresh.zip
https://github.com/kif-framework/KIF/archive/master.zip -O kif-framework--KIF.zip
https://github.com/samuelclay/NewsBlur/archive/master.zip -O samuelclay--NewsBlur.zip
https://github.com/facebook/Tweaks/archive/master.zip -O facebook--Tweaks.zip
https://github.com/ChenYilong/iOSInterviewQuestions/archive/master.zip -O ChenYilong--iOSInterviewQuestions.zip
https://github.com/ECSlidingViewController/ECSlidingViewController/archive/master.zip -O ECSlidingViewController--ECSlidingViewController.zip
https://github.com/MortimerGoro/MGSwipeTableCell/archive/master.zip -O MortimerGoro--MGSwipeTableCell.zip
https://github.com/steipete/Aspects/archive/master.zip -O steipete--Aspects.zip
https://github.com/CSStickyHeaderFlowLayout/CSStickyHeaderFlowLayout/archive/master.zip -O CSStickyHeaderFlowLayout--CSStickyHeaderFlowLayout.zip
https://github.com/ChenYilong/iOS9AdaptationTips/archive/master.zip -O ChenYilong--iOS9AdaptationTips.zip
https://github.com/ksuther/KSImageNamed-Xcode/archive/master.zip -O ksuther--KSImageNamed-Xcode.zip
https://github.com/arashpayan/appirater/archive/master.zip -O arashpayan--appirater.zip
https://github.com/mamaral/Onboard/archive/master.zip -O mamaral--Onboard.zip
https://github.com/cocos2d/cocos2d-objc/archive/master.zip -O cocos2d--cocos2d-objc.zip
https://github.com/xmartlabs/XLForm/archive/master.zip -O xmartlabs--XLForm.zip
https://github.com/devinross/tapkulibrary/archive/master.zip -O devinross--tapkulibrary.zip
https://github.com/soffes/SAMKeychain/archive/master.zip -O soffes--SAMKeychain.zip
https://github.com/johnno1962/injectionforxcode/archive/master.zip -O johnno1962--injectionforxcode.zip
https://github.com/shadowsocks/shadowsocks-iOS/archive/master.zip -O shadowsocks--shadowsocks-iOS.zip
https://github.com/mogujie/TeamTalk/archive/master.zip -O mogujie--TeamTalk.zip
https://github.com/mattt/FormatterKit/archive/master.zip -O mattt--FormatterKit.zip
https://github.com/nicklockwood/iRate/archive/master.zip -O nicklockwood--iRate.zip
https://github.com/John-Lluch/SWRevealViewController/archive/master.zip -O John-Lluch--SWRevealViewController.zip
https://github.com/ColinEberhardt/VCTransitionsLibrary/archive/master.zip -O ColinEberhardt--VCTransitionsLibrary.zip
https://github.com/gsdios/SDAutoLayout/archive/master.zip -O gsdios--SDAutoLayout.zip
https://github.com/stig/json-framework/archive/master.zip -O stig--json-framework.zip
https://github.com/robbiehanson/CocoaHTTPServer/archive/master.zip -O robbiehanson--CocoaHTTPServer.zip
https://github.com/pkluz/PKRevealController/archive/master.zip -O pkluz--PKRevealController.zip
https://github.com/yuantiku/YTKNetwork/archive/master.zip -O yuantiku--YTKNetwork.zip
https://github.com/coolbeet/CBStoreHouseRefreshControl/archive/master.zip -O coolbeet--CBStoreHouseRefreshControl.zip
https://github.com/fpillet/NSLogger/archive/master.zip -O fpillet--NSLogger.zip
https://github.com/tombenner/nui/archive/master.zip -O tombenner--nui.zip
https://github.com/xhzengAIB/MessageDisplayKit/archive/master.zip -O xhzengAIB--MessageDisplayKit.zip
https://github.com/cruffenach/CRToast/archive/master.zip -O cruffenach--CRToast.zip
https://github.com/syedhali/EZAudio/archive/master.zip -O syedhali--EZAudio.zip
https://github.com/Jawbone/JBChartView/archive/master.zip -O Jawbone--JBChartView.zip
https://github.com/julienXX/terminal-notifier/archive/master.zip -O julienXX--terminal-notifier.zip
https://github.com/ltebean/LTNavigationBar/archive/master.zip -O ltebean--LTNavigationBar.zip
https://github.com/vfr/Reader/archive/master.zip -O vfr--Reader.zip
https://github.com/tomaz/appledoc/archive/master.zip -O tomaz--appledoc.zip
https://github.com/MacGapProject/MacGap1/archive/master.zip -O MacGapProject--MacGap1.zip
https://github.com/kiwi-bdd/Kiwi/archive/master.zip -O kiwi-bdd--Kiwi.zip
https://github.com/FuzzyAutocomplete/FuzzyAutocompletePlugin/archive/master.zip -O FuzzyAutocomplete--FuzzyAutocompletePlugin.zip
https://github.com/KnuffApp/Knuff/archive/master.zip -O KnuffApp--Knuff.zip
https://github.com/layerhq/Atlas-iOS/archive/master.zip -O layerhq--Atlas-iOS.zip
https://github.com/forkingdog/FDFullscreenPopGesture/archive/master.zip -O forkingdog--FDFullscreenPopGesture.zip
https://github.com/enormego/EGOTableViewPullRefresh/archive/master.zip -O enormego--EGOTableViewPullRefresh.zip
https://github.com/facebook/origami/archive/master.zip -O facebook--origami.zip
https://github.com/gavinkwoe/BeeFramework/archive/master.zip -O gavinkwoe--BeeFramework.zip
https://github.com/shu223/iOS8-Sampler/archive/master.zip -O shu223--iOS8-Sampler.zip
https://github.com/ninjinkun/NJKWebViewProgress/archive/master.zip -O ninjinkun--NJKWebViewProgress.zip
https://github.com/Xcode-Snippets/Objective-C/archive/master.zip -O Xcode-Snippets--Objective-C.zip
https://github.com/erichoracek/MSDynamicsDrawerViewController/archive/master.zip -O erichoracek--MSDynamicsDrawerViewController.zip
https://github.com/jspahrsummers/libextobjc/archive/master.zip -O jspahrsummers--libextobjc.zip
https://github.com/escoz/QuickDialog/archive/master.zip -O escoz--QuickDialog.zip
https://github.com/Marxon13/M13ProgressSuite/archive/master.zip -O Marxon13--M13ProgressSuite.zip
https://github.com/ealeksandrov/EAIntroView/archive/master.zip -O ealeksandrov--EAIntroView.zip
https://github.com/fikovnik/ShiftIt/archive/master.zip -O fikovnik--ShiftIt.zip
https://github.com/gotosleep/JASidePanels/archive/master.zip -O gotosleep--JASidePanels.zip
https://github.com/google/EarlGrey/archive/master.zip -O google--EarlGrey.zip
https://github.com/nothingmagical/cheddar-ios/archive/master.zip -O nothingmagical--cheddar-ios.zip
https://github.com/shu223/iOS7-Sampler/archive/master.zip -O shu223--iOS7-Sampler.zip
https://github.com/mutualmobile/MMWormhole/archive/master.zip -O mutualmobile--MMWormhole.zip
https://github.com/MugunthKumar/MKNetworkKit/archive/master.zip -O MugunthKumar--MKNetworkKit.zip
https://github.com/boctor/idev-recipes/archive/master.zip -O boctor--idev-recipes.zip
https://github.com/gsdios/SDCycleScrollView/archive/master.zip -O gsdios--SDCycleScrollView.zip
https://github.com/chiahsien/CHTCollectionViewWaterfallLayout/archive/master.zip -O chiahsien--CHTCollectionViewWaterfallLayout.zip
https://github.com/tumblr/TMCache/archive/master.zip -O tumblr--TMCache.zip
https://github.com/sparkle-project/Sparkle/archive/master.zip -O sparkle-project--Sparkle.zip
https://github.com/gimenete/iOS-boilerplate/archive/master.zip -O gimenete--iOS-boilerplate.zip
https://github.com/Draveness/iOS-Source-Code-Analyze/archive/master.zip -O Draveness--iOS-Source-Code-Analyze.zip
https://github.com/omz/ColorSense-for-Xcode/archive/master.zip -O omz--ColorSense-for-Xcode.zip
https://github.com/joeldev/JLRoutes/archive/master.zip -O joeldev--JLRoutes.zip
https://github.com/alikaragoz/MCSwipeTableViewCell/archive/master.zip -O alikaragoz--MCSwipeTableViewCell.zip
https://github.com/romaonthego/REFrostedViewController/archive/master.zip -O romaonthego--REFrostedViewController.zip
https://github.com/nicklockwood/FXForms/archive/master.zip -O nicklockwood--FXForms.zip
https://github.com/rentzsch/mogenerator/archive/master.zip -O rentzsch--mogenerator.zip
https://github.com/360Controller/360Controller/archive/master.zip -O 360Controller--360Controller.zip
https://github.com/calimarkus/JDStatusBarNotification/archive/master.zip -O calimarkus--JDStatusBarNotification.zip
https://github.com/radiant-player/radiant-player-mac/archive/master.zip -O radiant-player--radiant-player-mac.zip
https://github.com/Yalantis/FoldingTabBar.iOS/archive/master.zip -O Yalantis--FoldingTabBar.iOS.zip
https://github.com/honcheng/PaperFold-for-iOS/archive/master.zip -O honcheng--PaperFold-for-iOS.zip
https://github.com/twitter/twui/archive/master.zip -O twitter--twui.zip
https://github.com/bennyguitar/Colours/archive/master.zip -O bennyguitar--Colours.zip
https://github.com/telly/TLYShyNavBar/archive/master.zip -O telly--TLYShyNavBar.zip
https://github.com/swisspol/GCDWebServer/archive/master.zip -O swisspol--GCDWebServer.zip
https://github.com/AliSoftware/OHHTTPStubs/archive/master.zip -O AliSoftware--OHHTTPStubs.zip
https://github.com/ChenYilong/CYLTabBarController/archive/master.zip -O ChenYilong--CYLTabBarController.zip
https://github.com/yapstudios/YapDatabase/archive/master.zip -O yapstudios--YapDatabase.zip
https://github.com/futuretap/InAppSettingsKit/archive/master.zip -O futuretap--InAppSettingsKit.zip
https://github.com/button/DeepLinkKit/archive/master.zip -O button--DeepLinkKit.zip
https://github.com/TheAmazingAudioEngine/TheAmazingAudioEngine/archive/master.zip -O TheAmazingAudioEngine--TheAmazingAudioEngine.zip
https://github.com/Instagram/IGListKit/archive/master.zip -O Instagram--IGListKit.zip
https://github.com/bryankeller/BLKFlexibleHeightBar/archive/master.zip -O bryankeller--BLKFlexibleHeightBar.zip
https://github.com/jhurray/JHChainableAnimations/archive/master.zip -O jhurray--JHChainableAnimations.zip
https://github.com/0xced/iOS-Artwork-Extractor/archive/master.zip -O 0xced--iOS-Artwork-Extractor.zip
https://github.com/dsxNiubility/SXNews/archive/master.zip -O dsxNiubility--SXNews.zip
https://github.com/victorBaro/VBFPopFlatButton/archive/master.zip -O victorBaro--VBFPopFlatButton.zip
https://github.com/pinterest/PINRemoteImage/archive/master.zip -O pinterest--PINRemoteImage.zip
https://github.com/HeshamMegid/HMSegmentedControl/archive/master.zip -O HeshamMegid--HMSegmentedControl.zip
https://github.com/m1entus/MZFormSheetController/archive/master.zip -O m1entus--MZFormSheetController.zip
https://github.com/BigZaphod/Chameleon/archive/master.zip -O BigZaphod--Chameleon.zip
https://github.com/Sumi-Interactive/SIAlertView/archive/master.zip -O Sumi-Interactive--SIAlertView.zip
https://github.com/qfish/XAlign/archive/master.zip -O qfish--XAlign.zip
https://github.com/100apps/openshare/archive/master.zip -O 100apps--openshare.zip
https://github.com/AlanQuatermain/AQGridView/archive/master.zip -O AlanQuatermain--AQGridView.zip
https://github.com/steipete/PSTCollectionView/archive/master.zip -O steipete--PSTCollectionView.zip
https://github.com/jimbojsb/launchrocket/archive/master.zip -O jimbojsb--launchrocket.zip
https://github.com/chrismiles/CMPopTipView/archive/master.zip -O chrismiles--CMPopTipView.zip
https://github.com/rsms/kod/archive/master.zip -O rsms--kod.zip
https://github.com/SVGKit/SVGKit/archive/master.zip -O SVGKit--SVGKit.zip
https://github.com/mrackwitz/MRProgress/archive/master.zip -O mrackwitz--MRProgress.zip
https://github.com/mstarke/MacPass/archive/master.zip -O mstarke--MacPass.zip
https://github.com/sprang/Inkpad/archive/master.zip -O sprang--Inkpad.zip
https://github.com/ibireme/YYWebImage/archive/master.zip -O ibireme--YYWebImage.zip
https://github.com/travisjeffery/ClangFormat-Xcode/archive/master.zip -O travisjeffery--ClangFormat-Xcode.zip
https://github.com/Nyx0uf/NYXImagesKit/archive/master.zip -O Nyx0uf--NYXImagesKit.zip
https://github.com/zhxnlai/ZLSwipeableView/archive/master.zip -O zhxnlai--ZLSwipeableView.zip
https://github.com/cwRichardKim/RKNotificationHub/archive/master.zip -O cwRichardKim--RKNotificationHub.zip
https://github.com/TransitApp/SVWebViewController/archive/master.zip -O TransitApp--SVWebViewController.zip
https://github.com/gmoledina/GMGridView/archive/master.zip -O gmoledina--GMGridView.zip
https://github.com/dogo/SCLAlertView/archive/master.zip -O dogo--SCLAlertView.zip
https://github.com/kattrali/cocoapods-xcode-plugin/archive/master.zip -O kattrali--cocoapods-xcode-plugin.zip
https://github.com/leichunfeng/MVVMReactiveCocoa/archive/master.zip -O leichunfeng--MVVMReactiveCocoa.zip
https://github.com/Boris-Em/BEMSimpleLineGraph/archive/master.zip -O Boris-Em--BEMSimpleLineGraph.zip
https://github.com/rickytan/RTImageAssets/archive/master.zip -O rickytan--RTImageAssets.zip
https://github.com/Draveness/DKNightVersion/archive/master.zip -O Draveness--DKNightVersion.zip
https://github.com/fitztrev/shuttle/archive/master.zip -O fitztrev--shuttle.zip
https://github.com/jverkoey/iOS-Framework/archive/master.zip -O jverkoey--iOS-Framework.zip
https://github.com/nicklockwood/SwipeView/archive/master.zip -O nicklockwood--SwipeView.zip
https://github.com/typcn/bilibili-mac-client/archive/master.zip -O typcn--bilibili-mac-client.zip
https://github.com/tonsky/AnyBar/archive/master.zip -O tonsky--AnyBar.zip
https://github.com/ibireme/YYModel/archive/master.zip -O ibireme--YYModel.zip
https://github.com/phoboslab/Ejecta/archive/master.zip -O phoboslab--Ejecta.zip
https://github.com/core-plot/core-plot/archive/master.zip -O core-plot--core-plot.zip
https://github.com/brunophilipe/Cakebrew/archive/master.zip -O brunophilipe--Cakebrew.zip
https://github.com/modocache/MDCSwipeToChoose/archive/master.zip -O modocache--MDCSwipeToChoose.zip
https://github.com/twitter/CocoaSPDY/archive/master.zip -O twitter--CocoaSPDY.zip
https://github.com/sequelpro/sequelpro/archive/master.zip -O sequelpro--sequelpro.zip
https://github.com/omnigroup/OmniGroup/archive/master.zip -O omnigroup--OmniGroup.zip
https://github.com/romaonthego/REMenu/archive/master.zip -O romaonthego--REMenu.zip
https://github.com/ParsePlatform/Parse-SDK-iOS-OSX/archive/master.zip -O ParsePlatform--Parse-SDK-iOS-OSX.zip
https://github.com/mwaterfall/MWFeedParser/archive/master.zip -O mwaterfall--MWFeedParser.zip
https://github.com/domesticcatsoftware/DCIntrospect/archive/master.zip -O domesticcatsoftware--DCIntrospect.zip
https://github.com/bitstadium/HockeyKit/archive/master.zip -O bitstadium--HockeyKit.zip
https://github.com/TheLevelUp/ZXingObjC/archive/master.zip -O TheLevelUp--ZXingObjC.zip
https://github.com/andreamazz/AMWaveTransition/archive/master.zip -O andreamazz--AMWaveTransition.zip
https://github.com/relatedcode/FirebaseChat/archive/master.zip -O relatedcode--FirebaseChat.zip
https://github.com/rFlex/SCRecorder/archive/master.zip -O rFlex--SCRecorder.zip
https://github.com/ChenYilong/ParseSourceCodeStudy/archive/master.zip -O ChenYilong--ParseSourceCodeStudy.zip
https://github.com/noodlewerk/NWPusher/archive/master.zip -O noodlewerk--NWPusher.zip
https://github.com/ShareKit/ShareKit/archive/master.zip -O ShareKit--ShareKit.zip
https://github.com/rnystrom/RNFrostedSidebar/archive/master.zip -O rnystrom--RNFrostedSidebar.zip
https://github.com/kishikawakatsumi/UICKeyChainStore/archive/master.zip -O kishikawakatsumi--UICKeyChainStore.zip
https://github.com/AgileBits/onepassword-app-extension/archive/master.zip -O AgileBits--onepassword-app-extension.zip
https://github.com/ArtSabintsev/Harpy/archive/master.zip -O ArtSabintsev--Harpy.zip
https://github.com/jonathantribouharet/JTCalendar/archive/master.zip -O jonathantribouharet--JTCalendar.zip
https://github.com/ChatSecure/ChatSecure-iOS/archive/master.zip -O ChatSecure--ChatSecure-iOS.zip
https://github.com/rsms/fb-mac-messenger/archive/master.zip -O rsms--fb-mac-messenger.zip
https://github.com/supermarin/ObjectiveSugar/archive/master.zip -O supermarin--ObjectiveSugar.zip
https://github.com/scalessec/Toast/archive/master.zip -O scalessec--Toast.zip
https://github.com/krzysztofzablocki/KZPlayground/archive/master.zip -O krzysztofzablocki--KZPlayground.zip
https://github.com/PrideChung/FontAwesomeKit/archive/master.zip -O PrideChung--FontAwesomeKit.zip
https://github.com/shaojiankui/JKCategories/archive/master.zip -O shaojiankui--JKCategories.zip
https://github.com/renzifeng/ZFPlayer/archive/master.zip -O renzifeng--ZFPlayer.zip
https://github.com/matt-curtis/Fluid-for-Sketch/archive/master.zip -O matt-curtis--Fluid-for-Sketch.zip
https://github.com/JagCesar/iOS-blur/archive/master.zip -O JagCesar--iOS-blur.zip
https://github.com/topfunky/hpple/archive/master.zip -O topfunky--hpple.zip
https://github.com/buzzfeed/Sketch-Toolbox/archive/master.zip -O buzzfeed--Sketch-Toolbox.zip
https://github.com/jaredsinclair/JTSImageViewController/archive/master.zip -O jaredsinclair--JTSImageViewController.zip
https://github.com/romaonthego/RETableViewManager/archive/master.zip -O romaonthego--RETableViewManager.zip
https://github.com/Ahmed-Ali/JSONExport/archive/master.zip -O Ahmed-Ali--JSONExport.zip
https://github.com/coolnameismy/BabyBluetooth/archive/master.zip -O coolnameismy--BabyBluetooth.zip
https://github.com/ideaismobile/IDMPhotoBrowser/archive/master.zip -O ideaismobile--IDMPhotoBrowser.zip
https://github.com/nnhubbard/ZSSRichTextEditor/archive/master.zip -O nnhubbard--ZSSRichTextEditor.zip
https://github.com/facebook/FBMemoryProfiler/archive/master.zip -O facebook--FBMemoryProfiler.zip
https://github.com/EvgenyKarkan/EKAlgorithms/archive/master.zip -O EvgenyKarkan--EKAlgorithms.zip
https://github.com/zoonooz/ZFDragableModalTransition/archive/master.zip -O zoonooz--ZFDragableModalTransition.zip
https://github.com/forkingdog/FDStackView/archive/master.zip -O forkingdog--FDStackView.zip
https://github.com/airbnb/react-native-maps/archive/master.zip -O airbnb--react-native-maps.zip
https://github.com/quicksilver/Quicksilver/archive/master.zip -O quicksilver--Quicksilver.zip
https://github.com/WenchaoD/FSCalendar/archive/master.zip -O WenchaoD--FSCalendar.zip
https://github.com/douban/DOUAudioStreamer/archive/master.zip -O douban--DOUAudioStreamer.zip
https://github.com/steipete/PSStackedView/archive/master.zip -O steipete--PSStackedView.zip
https://github.com/kolyvan/kxmovie/archive/master.zip -O kolyvan--kxmovie.zip
https://github.com/banchichen/TZImagePickerController/archive/master.zip -O banchichen--TZImagePickerController.zip
https://github.com/facebook/ios-snapshot-test-case/archive/master.zip -O facebook--ios-snapshot-test-case.zip
https://github.com/MengTo/DesignerNewsApp/archive/master.zip -O MengTo--DesignerNewsApp.zip
https://github.com/oarrabi/OAStackView/archive/master.zip -O oarrabi--OAStackView.zip
https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/archive/master.zip -O MarlinFirmware--Marlin.zip
https://github.com/MugunthKumar/MKStoreKit/archive/master.zip -O MugunthKumar--MKStoreKit.zip
https://github.com/dustturtle/RealReachability/archive/master.zip -O dustturtle--RealReachability.zip
https://github.com/myell0w/MTStatusBarOverlay/archive/master.zip -O myell0w--MTStatusBarOverlay.zip
https://github.com/Coding/Coding-iOS/archive/master.zip -O Coding--Coding-iOS.zip
https://github.com/mattt/Ono/archive/master.zip -O mattt--Ono.zip
https://github.com/leah/PullToRefresh/archive/master.zip -O leah--PullToRefresh.zip
https://github.com/appsquickly/Typhoon/archive/master.zip -O appsquickly--Typhoon.zip
https://github.com/Sephiroth87/ODRefreshControl/archive/master.zip -O Sephiroth87--ODRefreshControl.zip
https://github.com/SelfControlApp/selfcontrol/archive/master.zip -O SelfControlApp--selfcontrol.zip
https://github.com/danielamitay/DACircularProgress/archive/master.zip -O danielamitay--DACircularProgress.zip
https://github.com/alexbw/novocaine/archive/master.zip -O alexbw--novocaine.zip
https://github.com/HansPinckaers/GrowingTextView/archive/master.zip -O HansPinckaers--GrowingTextView.zip
https://github.com/nst/RuntimeBrowser/archive/master.zip -O nst--RuntimeBrowser.zip
https://github.com/YouXianMing/YoCelsius/archive/master.zip -O YouXianMing--YoCelsius.zip
https://github.com/timburks/nu/archive/master.zip -O timburks--nu.zip
https://github.com/omz/AppSales-Mobile/archive/master.zip -O omz--AppSales-Mobile.zip
https://github.com/mattt/GroundControl/archive/master.zip -O mattt--GroundControl.zip
https://github.com/gh-unit/gh-unit/archive/master.zip -O gh-unit--gh-unit.zip
https://github.com/shu223/AnimatedTransitionGallery/archive/master.zip -O shu223--AnimatedTransitionGallery.zip
https://github.com/Yalantis/Pull-to-Refresh.Rentals-iOS/archive/master.zip -O Yalantis--Pull-to-Refresh.Rentals-iOS.zip
https://github.com/stonesam92/ChitChat/archive/master.zip -O stonesam92--ChitChat.zip
https://github.com/overshare/overshare-kit/archive/master.zip -O overshare--overshare-kit.zip
https://github.com/nicolaschengdev/WYPopoverController/archive/master.zip -O nicolaschengdev--WYPopoverController.zip
https://github.com/mpospese/MPFoldTransition/archive/master.zip -O mpospese--MPFoldTransition.zip
https://github.com/0xced/XCDYouTubeKit/archive/master.zip -O 0xced--XCDYouTubeKit.zip
https://github.com/mariohahn/MHVideoPhotoGallery/archive/master.zip -O mariohahn--MHVideoPhotoGallery.zip
https://github.com/Hammerspoon/hammerspoon/archive/master.zip -O Hammerspoon--hammerspoon.zip
https://github.com/ideashower/ShareKit/archive/master.zip -O ideashower--ShareKit.zip
https://github.com/sobri909/MGBoxKit/archive/master.zip -O sobri909--MGBoxKit.zip
https://github.com/intuit/LocationManager/archive/master.zip -O intuit--LocationManager.zip
https://github.com/robb/RBBAnimation/archive/master.zip -O robb--RBBAnimation.zip
https://github.com/pkyeck/socket.IO-objc/archive/master.zip -O pkyeck--socket.IO-objc.zip
https://github.com/specta/specta/archive/master.zip -O specta--specta.zip
https://github.com/XcodeGhostSource/XcodeGhost/archive/master.zip -O XcodeGhostSource--XcodeGhost.zip
https://github.com/tomknig/TOMSMorphingLabel/archive/master.zip -O tomknig--TOMSMorphingLabel.zip
https://github.com/ZhongTaoTian/WNXHuntForCity/archive/master.zip -O ZhongTaoTian--WNXHuntForCity.zip
https://github.com/fpt-software/Material-Controls-For-iOS/archive/master.zip -O fpt-software--Material-Controls-For-iOS.zip
https://github.com/gsdios/GSD_WeiXin/archive/master.zip -O gsdios--GSD_WeiXin.zip
https://github.com/Spaceman-Labs/SMPageControl/archive/master.zip -O Spaceman-Labs--SMPageControl.zip
https://github.com/chiunam/CTAssetsPickerController/archive/master.zip -O chiunam--CTAssetsPickerController.zip
https://github.com/nicklockwood/iVersion/archive/master.zip -O nicklockwood--iVersion.zip
https://github.com/maciekish/iReSign/archive/master.zip -O maciekish--iReSign.zip
https://github.com/NYTimes/NYTPhotoViewer/archive/master.zip -O NYTimes--NYTPhotoViewer.zip
https://github.com/anishathalye/lumen/archive/master.zip -O anishathalye--lumen.zip
https://github.com/12207480/TYAttributedLabel/archive/master.zip -O 12207480--TYAttributedLabel.zip
https://github.com/youknowone/UI7Kit/archive/master.zip -O youknowone--UI7Kit.zip
https://github.com/cwRichardKim/TinderSimpleSwipeCards/archive/master.zip -O cwRichardKim--TinderSimpleSwipeCards.zip
https://github.com/erichoracek/MSCollectionViewCalendarLayout/archive/master.zip -O erichoracek--MSCollectionViewCalendarLayout.zip
https://github.com/ChristianKienle/Core-Data-Editor/archive/master.zip -O ChristianKienle--Core-Data-Editor.zip
https://github.com/robbdimitrov/RDVTabBarController/archive/master.zip -O robbdimitrov--RDVTabBarController.zip
https://github.com/intentkit/IntentKit/archive/master.zip -O intentkit--IntentKit.zip
https://github.com/SunLiner/MiaowShow/archive/master.zip -O SunLiner--MiaowShow.zip
https://github.com/mattt/CargoBay/archive/master.zip -O mattt--CargoBay.zip
https://github.com/ylechelle/OpenUDID/archive/master.zip -O ylechelle--OpenUDID.zip
https://github.com/pieter/gitx/archive/master.zip -O pieter--gitx.zip
https://github.com/kentnguyen/KNSemiModalViewController/archive/master.zip -O kentnguyen--KNSemiModalViewController.zip
https://github.com/Haneke/Haneke/archive/master.zip -O Haneke--Haneke.zip
https://github.com/nmattisson/DropdownMenu/archive/master.zip -O nmattisson--DropdownMenu.zip
https://github.com/krzysztofzablocki/KZBootstrap/archive/master.zip -O krzysztofzablocki--KZBootstrap.zip
https://github.com/DeskConnect/SBShortcutMenuSimulator/archive/master.zip -O DeskConnect--SBShortcutMenuSimulator.zip
https://github.com/36Kr-Mobile/KRVideoPlayer/archive/master.zip -O 36Kr-Mobile--KRVideoPlayer.zip
https://github.com/JonasGessner/JGProgressHUD/archive/master.zip -O JonasGessner--JGProgressHUD.zip
https://github.com/artsy/eigen/archive/master.zip -O artsy--eigen.zip
https://github.com/panicinc/PunchClock/archive/master.zip -O panicinc--PunchClock.zip
https://github.com/JohnCoates/CSSketch/archive/master.zip -O JohnCoates--CSSketch.zip
https://github.com/rentzsch/jrswizzle/archive/master.zip -O rentzsch--jrswizzle.zip
https://github.com/square/Valet/archive/master.zip -O square--Valet.zip
https://github.com/EnjoySR/ESJsonFormat-Xcode/archive/master.zip -O EnjoySR--ESJsonFormat-Xcode.zip
https://github.com/terryworona/TWMessageBarManager/archive/master.zip -O terryworona--TWMessageBarManager.zip
https://github.com/mattgallagher/AudioStreamer/archive/master.zip -O mattgallagher--AudioStreamer.zip
https://github.com/octokit/octokit.objc/archive/master.zip -O octokit--octokit.objc.zip
https://github.com/singro/v2ex/archive/master.zip -O singro--v2ex.zip
https://github.com/alexdrone/ios-fontawesome/archive/master.zip -O alexdrone--ios-fontawesome.zip
https://github.com/xyfeng/XYPieChart/archive/master.zip -O xyfeng--XYPieChart.zip
https://github.com/luisobo/Nocilla/archive/master.zip -O luisobo--Nocilla.zip
https://github.com/prasmussen/chrome-cli/archive/master.zip -O prasmussen--chrome-cli.zip
https://github.com/ashfurrow/C-41/archive/master.zip -O ashfurrow--C-41.zip
https://github.com/kevin0571/STPopup/archive/master.zip -O kevin0571--STPopup.zip
https://github.com/kconner/KMCGeigerCounter/archive/master.zip -O kconner--KMCGeigerCounter.zip
https://github.com/cezarywojcik/CWStatusBarNotification/archive/master.zip -O cezarywojcik--CWStatusBarNotification.zip
https://github.com/puls/objc-TimesSquare/archive/master.zip -O puls--objc-TimesSquare.zip
https://github.com/scrod/nv/archive/master.zip -O scrod--nv.zip
https://github.com/rsms/peertalk/archive/master.zip -O rsms--peertalk.zip
https://github.com/Simbul/baker/archive/master.zip -O Simbul--baker.zip
https://github.com/gobackspaces/DLCImagePickerController/archive/master.zip -O gobackspaces--DLCImagePickerController.zip
https://github.com/bitstadium/QuincyKit/archive/master.zip -O bitstadium--QuincyKit.zip
https://github.com/johnil/VVeboTableViewDemo/archive/master.zip -O johnil--VVeboTableViewDemo.zip
https://github.com/danielamitay/DAKeyboardControl/archive/master.zip -O danielamitay--DAKeyboardControl.zip
https://github.com/Augustyniak/RATreeView/archive/master.zip -O Augustyniak--RATreeView.zip
https://github.com/marcoarment/FCModel/archive/master.zip -O marcoarment--FCModel.zip
https://github.com/Aufree/ESTMusicPlayer/archive/master.zip -O Aufree--ESTMusicPlayer.zip
https://github.com/facebook/FBSimulatorControl/archive/master.zip -O facebook--FBSimulatorControl.zip
https://github.com/B-Sides/ELCImagePickerController/archive/master.zip -O B-Sides--ELCImagePickerController.zip
https://github.com/wireapp/wire-ios/archive/master.zip -O wireapp--wire-ios.zip
https://github.com/sprang/Brushes/archive/master.zip -O sprang--Brushes.zip
https://github.com/IFTTT/FastttCamera/archive/master.zip -O IFTTT--FastttCamera.zip
https://github.com/andreamazz/AMPopTip/archive/master.zip -O andreamazz--AMPopTip.zip
https://github.com/trawor/XToDo/archive/master.zip -O trawor--XToDo.zip
https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/WordPress-iOS/archive/master.zip -O wordpress-mobile--WordPress-iOS.zip
https://github.com/jivesoftware/PDTSimpleCalendar/archive/master.zip -O jivesoftware--PDTSimpleCalendar.zip
https://github.com/objccn/articles/archive/master.zip -O objccn--articles.zip
https://github.com/shinydevelopment/SimulatorStatusMagic/archive/master.zip -O shinydevelopment--SimulatorStatusMagic.zip
https://github.com/kolyvan/kxmenu/archive/master.zip -O kolyvan--kxmenu.zip
https://github.com/graphsketcher/GraphSketcher/archive/master.zip -O graphsketcher--GraphSketcher.zip
https://github.com/piemonte/PBJVision/archive/master.zip -O piemonte--PBJVision.zip
https://github.com/keycastr/keycastr/archive/master.zip -O keycastr--keycastr.zip
https://github.com/kevinlawler/NSDate-TimeAgo/archive/master.zip -O kevinlawler--NSDate-TimeAgo.zip
https://github.com/Raizlabs/RZTransitions/archive/master.zip -O Raizlabs--RZTransitions.zip
https://github.com/mattgemmell/MGSplitViewController/archive/master.zip -O mattgemmell--MGSplitViewController.zip
https://github.com/lxcid/LXReorderableCollectionViewFlowLayout/archive/master.zip -O lxcid--LXReorderableCollectionViewFlowLayout.zip
https://github.com/alskipp/ASValueTrackingSlider/archive/master.zip -O alskipp--ASValueTrackingSlider.zip
https://github.com/viki-org/VKVideoPlayer/archive/master.zip -O viki-org--VKVideoPlayer.zip
https://github.com/Yalantis/Context-Menu.iOS/archive/master.zip -O Yalantis--Context-Menu.iOS.zip
https://github.com/YouXianMing/Animations/archive/master.zip -O YouXianMing--Animations.zip
https://github.com/cparnot/ASCIImage/archive/master.zip -O cparnot--ASCIImage.zip
https://github.com/KittenYang/KYGooeyMenu/archive/master.zip -O KittenYang--KYGooeyMenu.zip
https://github.com/omz/Dash-Plugin-for-Xcode/archive/master.zip -O omz--Dash-Plugin-for-Xcode.zip
https://github.com/EddyBorja/EBPhotoPages/archive/master.zip -O EddyBorja--EBPhotoPages.zip
https://github.com/ericjohnson/canabalt-ios/archive/master.zip -O ericjohnson--canabalt-ios.zip
https://github.com/AliSoftware/OHAttributedLabel/archive/master.zip -O AliSoftware--OHAttributedLabel.zip
https://github.com/yackle/CLImageEditor/archive/master.zip -O yackle--CLImageEditor.zip
https://github.com/mmattozzi/cocoa-rest-client/archive/master.zip -O mmattozzi--cocoa-rest-client.zip
https://github.com/ParsePlatform/Anypic/archive/master.zip -O ParsePlatform--Anypic.zip
https://github.com/overboming/ZCAnimatedLabel/archive/master.zip -O overboming--ZCAnimatedLabel.zip
https://github.com/orta/ARAnalytics/archive/master.zip -O orta--ARAnalytics.zip
https://github.com/card-io/card.io-iOS-SDK/archive/master.zip -O card-io--card.io-iOS-SDK.zip
https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveViewModel/archive/master.zip -O ReactiveCocoa--ReactiveViewModel.zip
https://github.com/smileyborg/UIView-AutoLayout/archive/master.zip -O smileyborg--UIView-AutoLayout.zip
https://github.com/jmascia/KLCPopup/archive/master.zip -O jmascia--KLCPopup.zip
https://github.com/robb/Underscore.m/archive/master.zip -O robb--Underscore.m.zip
https://github.com/ZhipingYang/UUChatTableView/archive/master.zip -O ZhipingYang--UUChatTableView.zip
https://github.com/liyong03/YLGIFImage/archive/master.zip -O liyong03--YLGIFImage.zip
https://github.com/dzenbot/DZNSegmentedControl/archive/master.zip -O dzenbot--DZNSegmentedControl.zip
https://github.com/MoZhouqi/KMNavigationBarTransition/archive/master.zip -O MoZhouqi--KMNavigationBarTransition.zip
https://github.com/MatthewYork/MYBlurIntroductionView/archive/master.zip -O MatthewYork--MYBlurIntroductionView.zip
https://github.com/cwRichardKim/RKSwipeBetweenViewControllers/archive/master.zip -O cwRichardKim--RKSwipeBetweenViewControllers.zip
https://github.com/tapwork/HeapInspector-for-iOS/archive/master.zip -O tapwork--HeapInspector-for-iOS.zip
https://github.com/wg689/Solve-App-Store-Review-Problem/archive/master.zip -O wg689--Solve-App-Store-Review-Problem.zip
https://github.com/yuantiku/YTKKeyValueStore/archive/master.zip -O yuantiku--YTKKeyValueStore.zip
https://github.com/daniulive/SmarterStreaming/archive/master.zip -O daniulive--SmarterStreaming.zip
https://github.com/floriankugler/FLKAutoLayout/archive/master.zip -O floriankugler--FLKAutoLayout.zip
https://github.com/gpambrozio/BlockAlertsAnd-ActionSheets/archive/master.zip -O gpambrozio--BlockAlertsAnd-ActionSheets.zip
https://github.com/brow/leaves/archive/master.zip -O brow--leaves.zip
https://github.com/IFTTT/jot/archive/master.zip -O IFTTT--jot.zip
https://github.com/zipme/RQShineLabel/archive/master.zip -O zipme--RQShineLabel.zip
https://github.com/shu223/PulsingHalo/archive/master.zip -O shu223--PulsingHalo.zip
https://github.com/hyperoslo/Form/archive/master.zip -O hyperoslo--Form.zip
https://github.com/cbpowell/MarqueeLabel/archive/master.zip -O cbpowell--MarqueeLabel.zip
https://github.com/LaiFengiOS/LFLiveKit/archive/master.zip -O LaiFengiOS--LFLiveKit.zip
https://github.com/lanayotech/vagrant-manager/archive/master.zip -O lanayotech--vagrant-manager.zip
https://github.com/atomicobject/objection/archive/master.zip -O atomicobject--objection.zip
https://github.com/honcheng/iOSPlot/archive/master.zip -O honcheng--iOSPlot.zip
https://github.com/iziz/libPhoneNumber-iOS/archive/master.zip -O iziz--libPhoneNumber-iOS.zip
https://github.com/jamztang/JTGestureBasedTableViewDemo/archive/master.zip -O jamztang--JTGestureBasedTableViewDemo.zip
https://github.com/panicinc/ColorArt/archive/master.zip -O panicinc--ColorArt.zip
https://github.com/zpz1237/NirZhihuDaily2.0/archive/master.zip -O zpz1237--NirZhihuDaily2.0.zip
https://github.com/ptshih/PSCollectionView/archive/master.zip -O ptshih--PSCollectionView.zip
https://github.com/aryaxt/iOS-Slide-Menu/archive/master.zip -O aryaxt--iOS-Slide-Menu.zip
https://github.com/MichaelHuyp/Bilibili_Wuxianda/archive/master.zip -O MichaelHuyp--Bilibili_Wuxianda.zip
https://github.com/Zepo/MLeaksFinder/archive/master.zip -O Zepo--MLeaksFinder.zip
https://github.com/fastred/MotionBlur/archive/master.zip -O fastred--MotionBlur.zip
https://github.com/bendytree/Objective-C-RegEx-Categories/archive/master.zip -O bendytree--Objective-C-RegEx-Categories.zip
https://github.com/carsonperrotti/CNPPopupController/archive/master.zip -O carsonperrotti--CNPPopupController.zip
https://github.com/lookingstars/meituan/archive/master.zip -O lookingstars--meituan.zip
https://github.com/Boris-Em/BEMCheckBox/archive/master.zip -O Boris-Em--BEMCheckBox.zip
https://github.com/LeoNatan/LNPopupController/archive/master.zip -O LeoNatan--LNPopupController.zip
https://github.com/newmarcel/KeepingYouAwake/archive/master.zip -O newmarcel--KeepingYouAwake.zip
https://github.com/Codeux-Software/Textual/archive/master.zip -O Codeux-Software--Textual.zip
https://github.com/questbeat/QBImagePicker/archive/master.zip -O questbeat--QBImagePicker.zip
https://github.com/adad184/MMPopupView/archive/master.zip -O adad184--MMPopupView.zip
https://github.com/JVillella/JVFloatingDrawer/archive/master.zip -O JVillella--JVFloatingDrawer.zip
https://github.com/CharlinFeng/CorePhotoBroswerVC/archive/master.zip -O CharlinFeng--CorePhotoBroswerVC.zip
https://github.com/erikdoe/ocmock/archive/master.zip -O erikdoe--ocmock.zip
https://github.com/danielamitay/iHasApp/archive/master.zip -O danielamitay--iHasApp.zip
https://github.com/macoscope/CodePilot/archive/master.zip -O macoscope--CodePilot.zip
https://github.com/ruslanskorb/RSKImageCropper/archive/master.zip -O ruslanskorb--RSKImageCropper.zip
https://github.com/wimagguc/ios-custom-alertview/archive/master.zip -O wimagguc--ios-custom-alertview.zip
https://github.com/zhengwenming/WMPlayer/archive/master.zip -O zhengwenming--WMPlayer.zip
https://github.com/SamRothCA/Today-Scripts/archive/master.zip -O SamRothCA--Today-Scripts.zip
https://github.com/tumtumtum/StreamingKit/archive/master.zip -O tumtumtum--StreamingKit.zip
https://github.com/uzysjung/UzysAnimatedGifPullToRefresh/archive/master.zip -O uzysjung--UzysAnimatedGifPullToRefresh.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/Tropos/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--Tropos.zip
https://github.com/whomwah/qlstephen/archive/master.zip -O whomwah--qlstephen.zip
https://github.com/samvermette/SVSegmentedControl/archive/master.zip -O samvermette--SVSegmentedControl.zip
https://github.com/marcshilling/react-native-image-picker/archive/master.zip -O marcshilling--react-native-image-picker.zip
https://github.com/felixhageloh/uebersicht/archive/master.zip -O felixhageloh--uebersicht.zip
https://github.com/youngsoft/MyLinearLayout/archive/master.zip -O youngsoft--MyLinearLayout.zip
https://github.com/shinobicontrols/iOS7-day-by-day/archive/master.zip -O shinobicontrols--iOS7-day-by-day.zip
https://github.com/njdehoog/NHBalancedFlowLayout/archive/master.zip -O njdehoog--NHBalancedFlowLayout.zip
https://github.com/erica/uidevice-extension/archive/master.zip -O erica--uidevice-extension.zip
https://github.com/recruit-mp/RMPZoomTransitionAnimator/archive/master.zip -O recruit-mp--RMPZoomTransitionAnimator.zip
https://github.com/marvelapp/FancyTabBar/archive/master.zip -O marvelapp--FancyTabBar.zip
https://github.com/pinterest/PINCache/archive/master.zip -O pinterest--PINCache.zip
https://github.com/marcoarment/BugshotKit/archive/master.zip -O marcoarment--BugshotKit.zip
https://github.com/node-app/Interpreter/archive/master.zip -O node-app--Interpreter.zip
https://github.com/erica/NSDate-Extensions/archive/master.zip -O erica--NSDate-Extensions.zip
https://github.com/esilverberg/ios-image-filters/archive/master.zip -O esilverberg--ios-image-filters.zip
https://github.com/drewmccormack/ensembles/archive/master.zip -O drewmccormack--ensembles.zip
https://github.com/clayallsopp/routable-ios/archive/master.zip -O clayallsopp--routable-ios.zip
https://github.com/gontovnik/DGActivityIndicatorView/archive/master.zip -O gontovnik--DGActivityIndicatorView.zip
https://github.com/Yalantis/PullToMakeSoup/archive/master.zip -O Yalantis--PullToMakeSoup.zip
https://github.com/rnystrom/RNGridMenu/archive/master.zip -O rnystrom--RNGridMenu.zip
https://github.com/hanton/HTY360Player/archive/master.zip -O hanton--HTY360Player.zip
https://github.com/livereload/LiveReload/archive/master.zip -O livereload--LiveReload.zip
https://github.com/klazuka/Kal/archive/master.zip -O klazuka--Kal.zip
https://github.com/choefele/CCHMapClusterController/archive/master.zip -O choefele--CCHMapClusterController.zip
https://github.com/leancloud/ChatKit-OC/archive/master.zip -O leancloud--ChatKit-OC.zip
https://github.com/honcheng/RTLabel/archive/master.zip -O honcheng--RTLabel.zip
https://github.com/kstenerud/KSCrash/archive/master.zip -O kstenerud--KSCrash.zip
https://github.com/2ndalpha/gasmask/archive/master.zip -O 2ndalpha--gasmask.zip
https://github.com/supermarin/ObjectiveRecord/archive/master.zip -O supermarin--ObjectiveRecord.zip
https://github.com/nygard/class-dump/archive/master.zip -O nygard--class-dump.zip
https://github.com/vicpenap/PrettyKit/archive/master.zip -O vicpenap--PrettyKit.zip
https://github.com/ridiculousfish/HexFiend/archive/master.zip -O ridiculousfish--HexFiend.zip
https://github.com/callumboddy/CBZSplashView/archive/master.zip -O callumboddy--CBZSplashView.zip
https://github.com/dzenbot/DZNPhotoPickerController/archive/master.zip -O dzenbot--DZNPhotoPickerController.zip
https://github.com/mixi-inc/iOSTraining/archive/master.zip -O mixi-inc--iOSTraining.zip
https://github.com/atebits/SimFinger/archive/master.zip -O atebits--SimFinger.zip
https://github.com/route-me/route-me/archive/master.zip -O route-me--route-me.zip
https://github.com/Guikunzhi/BeautifyFaceDemo/archive/master.zip -O Guikunzhi--BeautifyFaceDemo.zip
https://github.com/Raizlabs/BonMot/archive/master.zip -O Raizlabs--BonMot.zip
https://github.com/ra1028/RACollectionViewReorderableTripletLayout/archive/master.zip -O ra1028--RACollectionViewReorderableTripletLayout.zip
https://github.com/specta/expecta/archive/master.zip -O specta--expecta.zip
https://github.com/sebastienwindal/FRDLivelyButton/archive/master.zip -O sebastienwindal--FRDLivelyButton.zip
https://github.com/carekit-apple/CareKit/archive/master.zip -O carekit-apple--CareKit.zip
https://github.com/Alterplay/APAddressBook/archive/master.zip -O Alterplay--APAddressBook.zip
https://github.com/coderyi/Monkey/archive/master.zip -O coderyi--Monkey.zip
https://github.com/capttaco/Briefs/archive/master.zip -O capttaco--Briefs.zip
https://github.com/Automattic/simplenote-ios/archive/master.zip -O Automattic--simplenote-ios.zip
https://github.com/cwRichardKim/RKDropdownAlert/archive/master.zip -O cwRichardKim--RKDropdownAlert.zip
https://github.com/quartermaster/DB5/archive/master.zip -O quartermaster--DB5.zip
https://github.com/Ciechan/BCGenieEffect/archive/master.zip -O Ciechan--BCGenieEffect.zip
https://github.com/jamztang/JTRevealSidebarDemo/archive/master.zip -O jamztang--JTRevealSidebarDemo.zip
https://github.com/gekitz/UIDevice-with-UniqueIdentifier-for-iOS-5/archive/master.zip -O gekitz--UIDevice-with-UniqueIdentifier-for-iOS-5.zip
https://github.com/kharrison/CodeExamples/archive/master.zip -O kharrison--CodeExamples.zip
https://github.com/mtonio91/AMSmoothAlert/archive/master.zip -O mtonio91--AMSmoothAlert.zip
https://github.com/werner77/WEPopover/archive/master.zip -O werner77--WEPopover.zip
https://github.com/terminatorover/RGCardViewLayout/archive/master.zip -O terminatorover--RGCardViewLayout.zip
https://github.com/moredip/Frank/archive/master.zip -O moredip--Frank.zip
https://github.com/mayuur/MJParallaxCollectionView/archive/master.zip -O mayuur--MJParallaxCollectionView.zip
https://github.com/google/santa/archive/master.zip -O google--santa.zip
https://github.com/comyar/Sol/archive/master.zip -O comyar--Sol.zip
https://github.com/mikeash/MAObjCRuntime/archive/master.zip -O mikeash--MAObjCRuntime.zip
https://github.com/rs/SDSegmentedControl/archive/master.zip -O rs--SDSegmentedControl.zip
https://github.com/tdginternet/TGCameraViewController/archive/master.zip -O tdginternet--TGCameraViewController.zip
https://github.com/GrayJIAXU/520Linkee/archive/master.zip -O GrayJIAXU--520Linkee.zip
https://github.com/pdcgomes/XCActionBar/archive/master.zip -O pdcgomes--XCActionBar.zip
https://github.com/yahoo/AppDevKit/archive/master.zip -O yahoo--AppDevKit.zip
https://github.com/KJCracks/Clutch/archive/master.zip -O KJCracks--Clutch.zip
https://github.com/mikefrederick/MFSideMenu/archive/master.zip -O mikefrederick--MFSideMenu.zip
https://github.com/enormego/EGOCache/archive/master.zip -O enormego--EGOCache.zip
https://github.com/robertwijas/UISS/archive/master.zip -O robertwijas--UISS.zip
https://github.com/groue/GRMustache/archive/master.zip -O groue--GRMustache.zip
https://github.com/spotify/HubFramework/archive/master.zip -O spotify--HubFramework.zip
https://github.com/danielebogo/DBCamera/archive/master.zip -O danielebogo--DBCamera.zip
https://github.com/AlexeyBelezeko/TBIconTransitionKit/archive/master.zip -O AlexeyBelezeko--TBIconTransitionKit.zip
https://github.com/chockenberry/Provisioning/archive/master.zip -O chockenberry--Provisioning.zip
https://github.com/benoitsan/BBUncrustifyPlugin-Xcode/archive/master.zip -O benoitsan--BBUncrustifyPlugin-Xcode.zip
https://github.com/mdznr/What-s-New/archive/master.zip -O mdznr--What-s-New.zip
https://github.com/Huohua/HHRouter/archive/master.zip -O Huohua--HHRouter.zip
https://github.com/mattgemmell/MGTwitterEngine/archive/master.zip -O mattgemmell--MGTwitterEngine.zip
https://github.com/beardedspice/beardedspice/archive/master.zip -O beardedspice--beardedspice.zip
https://github.com/kean/DFImageManager/archive/master.zip -O kean--DFImageManager.zip
https://github.com/EddyVerbruggen/SocialSharing-PhoneGap-Plugin/archive/master.zip -O EddyVerbruggen--SocialSharing-PhoneGap-Plugin.zip
https://github.com/questbeat/Lin/archive/master.zip -O questbeat--Lin.zip
https://github.com/TimOliver/TOCropViewController/archive/master.zip -O TimOliver--TOCropViewController.zip
https://github.com/fphilipe/PHFComposeBarView/archive/master.zip -O fphilipe--PHFComposeBarView.zip
https://github.com/ldandersen/scifihifi-iphone/archive/master.zip -O ldandersen--scifihifi-iphone.zip
https://github.com/tianzhuo112/VTMagic/archive/master.zip -O tianzhuo112--VTMagic.zip
https://github.com/defagos/CoconutKit/archive/master.zip -O defagos--CoconutKit.zip
https://github.com/gaosboy/iOSSF/archive/master.zip -O gaosboy--iOSSF.zip
https://github.com/agens-no/AGGeometryKit-POP/archive/master.zip -O agens-no--AGGeometryKit-POP.zip
https://github.com/AugustRush/ARSegmentPager/archive/master.zip -O AugustRush--ARSegmentPager.zip
https://github.com/MxABC/LBXScan/archive/master.zip -O MxABC--LBXScan.zip
https://github.com/SocialObjects-Software/AMSlideMenu/archive/master.zip -O SocialObjects-Software--AMSlideMenu.zip
https://github.com/Shopify/superdb/archive/master.zip -O Shopify--superdb.zip
https://github.com/hebertialmeida/HAPaperViewController/archive/master.zip -O hebertialmeida--HAPaperViewController.zip
https://github.com/nfarina/calloutview/archive/master.zip -O nfarina--calloutview.zip
https://github.com/ZhongTaoTian/LoveFreshBeen/archive/master.zip -O ZhongTaoTian--LoveFreshBeen.zip
https://github.com/fastred/AHKActionSheet/archive/master.zip -O fastred--AHKActionSheet.zip
https://github.com/Shmoopi/iOS-System-Services/archive/master.zip -O Shmoopi--iOS-System-Services.zip
https://github.com/github/Rebel/archive/master.zip -O github--Rebel.zip
https://github.com/antiguab/BAFluidView/archive/master.zip -O antiguab--BAFluidView.zip
https://github.com/applidium/ADTransitionController/archive/master.zip -O applidium--ADTransitionController.zip
https://github.com/TimOliver/TOWebViewController/archive/master.zip -O TimOliver--TOWebViewController.zip
https://github.com/psychs/limechat/archive/master.zip -O psychs--limechat.zip
https://github.com/cyndibaby905/TwitterCover/archive/master.zip -O cyndibaby905--TwitterCover.zip
https://github.com/davedelong/CHCSVParser/archive/master.zip -O davedelong--CHCSVParser.zip
https://github.com/overtake/telegram/archive/master.zip -O overtake--telegram.zip
https://github.com/jeffhodnett/Unused/archive/master.zip -O jeffhodnett--Unused.zip
https://github.com/a1anyip/AYVibrantButton/archive/master.zip -O a1anyip--AYVibrantButton.zip
https://github.com/AssistoLab/KVNProgress/archive/master.zip -O AssistoLab--KVNProgress.zip
https://github.com/muhku/FreeStreamer/archive/master.zip -O muhku--FreeStreamer.zip
https://github.com/bububa/MongoHub-Mac/archive/master.zip -O bububa--MongoHub-Mac.zip
https://github.com/lukabernardi/LBBlurredImage/archive/master.zip -O lukabernardi--LBBlurredImage.zip
https://github.com/mineschan/MZTimerLabel/archive/master.zip -O mineschan--MZTimerLabel.zip
https://github.com/clusterinc/ClusterPrePermissions/archive/master.zip -O clusterinc--ClusterPrePermissions.zip
https://github.com/NghiaTranUIT/FeSpinner/archive/master.zip -O NghiaTranUIT--FeSpinner.zip
https://github.com/wangmchn/WMPageController/archive/master.zip -O wangmchn--WMPageController.zip
https://github.com/couchbase/couchbase-lite-ios/archive/master.zip -O couchbase--couchbase-lite-ios.zip
https://github.com/questbeat/QBPopupMenu/archive/master.zip -O questbeat--QBPopupMenu.zip
https://github.com/TransitApp/SVPulsingAnnotationView/archive/master.zip -O TransitApp--SVPulsingAnnotationView.zip
https://github.com/vpdn/MMAppSwitcher/archive/master.zip -O vpdn--MMAppSwitcher.zip
https://github.com/Vinodh-G/ParallaxTableViewHeader/archive/master.zip -O Vinodh-G--ParallaxTableViewHeader.zip
https://github.com/Xuzz/newsyc/archive/master.zip -O Xuzz--newsyc.zip
https://github.com/bestswifter/MySampleCode/archive/master.zip -O bestswifter--MySampleCode.zip
https://github.com/100grams/HGPageScrollView/archive/master.zip -O 100grams--HGPageScrollView.zip
https://github.com/AFNetworking/AFOAuth2Manager/archive/master.zip -O AFNetworking--AFOAuth2Manager.zip
https://github.com/ibireme/YYCache/archive/master.zip -O ibireme--YYCache.zip
https://github.com/calebd/SimpleAuth/archive/master.zip -O calebd--SimpleAuth.zip
https://github.com/gleue/TGLStackedViewController/archive/master.zip -O gleue--TGLStackedViewController.zip
https://github.com/krzysztofzablocki/KZPropertyMapper/archive/master.zip -O krzysztofzablocki--KZPropertyMapper.zip
https://github.com/apache/cordova-ios/archive/master.zip -O apache--cordova-ios.zip
https://github.com/kolinkrewinkel/Polychromatic/archive/master.zip -O kolinkrewinkel--Polychromatic.zip
https://github.com/acoomans/SimulatorRemoteNotifications/archive/master.zip -O acoomans--SimulatorRemoteNotifications.zip
https://github.com/Ciechan/BCMeshTransformView/archive/master.zip -O Ciechan--BCMeshTransformView.zip
https://github.com/sebyddd/SDVersion/archive/master.zip -O sebyddd--SDVersion.zip
https://github.com/Overcoat/Overcoat/archive/master.zip -O Overcoat--Overcoat.zip
https://github.com/mobfarm/FastPdfKit/archive/master.zip -O mobfarm--FastPdfKit.zip
https://github.com/mindbrix/UIImage-PDF/archive/master.zip -O mindbrix--UIImage-PDF.zip
https://github.com/ChenYilong/CollectionViewClassifyMenu/archive/master.zip -O ChenYilong--CollectionViewClassifyMenu.zip
https://github.com/KittenYang/KYAnimatedPageControl/archive/master.zip -O KittenYang--KYAnimatedPageControl.zip
https://github.com/corymsmith/react-native-icons/archive/master.zip -O corymsmith--react-native-icons.zip
https://github.com/xhacker/TEAChart/archive/master.zip -O xhacker--TEAChart.zip
https://github.com/GabrielAlva/Cool-iOS-Camera/archive/master.zip -O GabrielAlva--Cool-iOS-Camera.zip
https://github.com/rime/squirrel/archive/master.zip -O rime--squirrel.zip
https://github.com/weng1250/WZLBadge/archive/master.zip -O weng1250--WZLBadge.zip
https://github.com/wix/react-native-navigation/archive/master.zip -O wix--react-native-navigation.zip
https://github.com/wwayne/react-native-nba-app/archive/master.zip -O wwayne--react-native-nba-app.zip
https://github.com/wujunyang/MobileProject/archive/master.zip -O wujunyang--MobileProject.zip
https://github.com/dsxNiubility/SXWaveAnimate/archive/master.zip -O dsxNiubility--SXWaveAnimate.zip
https://github.com/spotify/SPTPersistentCache/archive/master.zip -O spotify--SPTPersistentCache.zip
https://github.com/PavelKatunin/DownloadButton/archive/master.zip -O PavelKatunin--DownloadButton.zip
https://github.com/blakewatters/TransitionKit/archive/master.zip -O blakewatters--TransitionKit.zip
https://github.com/alskipp/ASProgressPopUpView/archive/master.zip -O alskipp--ASProgressPopUpView.zip
https://github.com/hoteltonight/HTAutocompleteTextField/archive/master.zip -O hoteltonight--HTAutocompleteTextField.zip
https://github.com/iwasrobbed/RPFloatingPlaceholders/archive/master.zip -O iwasrobbed--RPFloatingPlaceholders.zip
https://github.com/eseedo/kidscoding/archive/master.zip -O eseedo--kidscoding.zip
https://github.com/ArtFeel/AFViewShaker/archive/master.zip -O ArtFeel--AFViewShaker.zip
https://github.com/stefanceriu/SCXcodeMiniMap/archive/master.zip -O stefanceriu--SCXcodeMiniMap.zip
https://github.com/runway20/PopoverView/archive/master.zip -O runway20--PopoverView.zip
https://github.com/Julioacarrettoni/UIImageView_FaceAwareFill/archive/master.zip -O Julioacarrettoni--UIImageView_FaceAwareFill.zip
https://github.com/Aufree/PHPHub-iOS/archive/master.zip -O Aufree--PHPHub-iOS.zip
https://github.com/akosma/nib2objc/archive/master.zip -O akosma--nib2objc.zip
https://github.com/pixelglow/ZipZap/archive/master.zip -O pixelglow--ZipZap.zip
https://github.com/indragiek/INAppStoreWindow/archive/master.zip -O indragiek--INAppStoreWindow.zip
https://github.com/CooperRS/RMStepsController/archive/master.zip -O CooperRS--RMStepsController.zip
https://github.com/StefanLage/SLPagingView/archive/master.zip -O StefanLage--SLPagingView.zip
https://github.com/agens-no/AGGeometryKit/archive/master.zip -O agens-no--AGGeometryKit.zip
https://github.com/steipete/AFDownloadRequestOperation/archive/master.zip -O steipete--AFDownloadRequestOperation.zip
https://github.com/nacker/LZEasemob3/archive/master.zip -O nacker--LZEasemob3.zip
https://github.com/EddyBorja/MLPAutoCompleteTextField/archive/master.zip -O EddyBorja--MLPAutoCompleteTextField.zip
https://github.com/questbeat/Lin-Xcode5/archive/master.zip -O questbeat--Lin-Xcode5.zip
https://github.com/iphone5solo/PYPhotoBrowser/archive/master.zip -O iphone5solo--PYPhotoBrowser.zip
https://github.com/zootreeves/Objective-C-HMTL-Parser/archive/master.zip -O zootreeves--Objective-C-HMTL-Parser.zip
https://github.com/jefferyleo/f.lux/archive/master.zip -O jefferyleo--f.lux.zip
https://github.com/DyCI/dyci-main/archive/master.zip -O DyCI--dyci-main.zip
https://github.com/mapsplugin/cordova-plugin-googlemaps/archive/master.zip -O mapsplugin--cordova-plugin-googlemaps.zip
https://github.com/alexdrone/ios-realtimeblur/archive/master.zip -O alexdrone--ios-realtimeblur.zip
https://github.com/contentful-labs/Concorde/archive/master.zip -O contentful-labs--Concorde.zip
https://github.com/aerofs/react-native-auto-updater/archive/master.zip -O aerofs--react-native-auto-updater.zip
https://github.com/KittenYang/A-GUIDE-TO-iOS-ANIMATION/archive/master.zip -O KittenYang--A-GUIDE-TO-iOS-ANIMATION.zip
https://github.com/JaviSoto/JSBadgeView/archive/master.zip -O JaviSoto--JSBadgeView.zip
https://github.com/nst/STTwitter/archive/master.zip -O nst--STTwitter.zip
https://github.com/adad184/MMTweenAnimation/archive/master.zip -O adad184--MMTweenAnimation.zip
https://github.com/vpdn/MMLayershots/archive/master.zip -O vpdn--MMLayershots.zip
https://github.com/u10int/URBMediaFocusViewController/archive/master.zip -O u10int--URBMediaFocusViewController.zip
https://github.com/shpakovski/Popup/archive/master.zip -O shpakovski--Popup.zip
https://github.com/intuit/AnimationEngine/archive/master.zip -O intuit--AnimationEngine.zip
https://github.com/KieranLafferty/KLNoteViewController/archive/master.zip -O KieranLafferty--KLNoteViewController.zip
https://github.com/michalkonturek/GraphKit/archive/master.zip -O michalkonturek--GraphKit.zip
https://github.com/mattt/AnimatedGIFImageSerialization/archive/master.zip -O mattt--AnimatedGIFImageSerialization.zip
https://github.com/elbryan/FFCircularProgressView/archive/master.zip -O elbryan--FFCircularProgressView.zip
https://github.com/nicklockwood/XMLDictionary/archive/master.zip -O nicklockwood--XMLDictionary.zip
https://github.com/mdiep/MMMarkdown/archive/master.zip -O mdiep--MMMarkdown.zip
https://github.com/robovm/apple-ios-samples/archive/master.zip -O robovm--apple-ios-samples.zip
https://github.com/12207480/DOPDropDownMenu-Enhanced/archive/master.zip -O 12207480--DOPDropDownMenu-Enhanced.zip
https://github.com/Dillion/iOS-Flip-Transform/archive/master.zip -O Dillion--iOS-Flip-Transform.zip
https://github.com/iltercengiz/ICViewPager/archive/master.zip -O iltercengiz--ICViewPager.zip
https://github.com/kasper/phoenix/archive/master.zip -O kasper--phoenix.zip
https://github.com/MartinRGB/Replace-iOS/archive/master.zip -O MartinRGB--Replace-iOS.zip
https://github.com/martinjuhasz/MJPopupViewController/archive/master.zip -O martinjuhasz--MJPopupViewController.zip
https://github.com/DavdRoman/Bohr/archive/master.zip -O DavdRoman--Bohr.zip
https://github.com/kishikawakatsumi/SECoreTextView/archive/master.zip -O kishikawakatsumi--SECoreTextView.zip
https://github.com/erica/iphone-3.0-cookbook-/archive/master.zip -O erica--iphone-3.0-cookbook-.zip
https://github.com/jwilling/JNWSpringAnimation/archive/master.zip -O jwilling--JNWSpringAnimation.zip
https://github.com/nealyoung/NYSegmentedControl/archive/master.zip -O nealyoung--NYSegmentedControl.zip
https://github.com/forkingdog/UIView-FDCollapsibleConstraints/archive/master.zip -O forkingdog--UIView-FDCollapsibleConstraints.zip
https://github.com/specialunderwear/Hosts.prefpane/archive/master.zip -O specialunderwear--Hosts.prefpane.zip
https://github.com/erica/iOS-5-Cookbook/archive/master.zip -O erica--iOS-5-Cookbook.zip
https://github.com/krzysztofzablocki/KZLineDrawer/archive/master.zip -O krzysztofzablocki--KZLineDrawer.zip
https://github.com/cocos2d/CocosBuilder/archive/master.zip -O cocos2d--CocosBuilder.zip
https://github.com/alvises/FPPopover/archive/master.zip -O alvises--FPPopover.zip
https://github.com/unash/BarrageRenderer/archive/master.zip -O unash--BarrageRenderer.zip
https://github.com/problame/CSNotificationView/archive/master.zip -O problame--CSNotificationView.zip
https://github.com/workshirt/WSCoachMarksView/archive/master.zip -O workshirt--WSCoachMarksView.zip
https://github.com/kishikawakatsumi/PEPhotoCropEditor/archive/master.zip -O kishikawakatsumi--PEPhotoCropEditor.zip
https://github.com/petewarden/iPhoneTracker/archive/master.zip -O petewarden--iPhoneTracker.zip
https://github.com/ninjinkun/NJKScrollFullScreen/archive/master.zip -O ninjinkun--NJKScrollFullScreen.zip
https://github.com/yixiangboy/IOSAnimationDemo/archive/master.zip -O yixiangboy--IOSAnimationDemo.zip
https://github.com/SocialObjects-Software/SOMotionDetector/archive/master.zip -O SocialObjects-Software--SOMotionDetector.zip
https://github.com/relatedcode/RealtimeChat/archive/master.zip -O relatedcode--RealtimeChat.zip
https://github.com/omergul123/LLSimpleCamera/archive/master.zip -O omergul123--LLSimpleCamera.zip
https://github.com/chroman/CRGradientNavigationBar/archive/master.zip -O chroman--CRGradientNavigationBar.zip
https://github.com/mattgemmell/MGTileMenu/archive/master.zip -O mattgemmell--MGTileMenu.zip
https://github.com/UrbanApps/UAModalPanel/archive/master.zip -O UrbanApps--UAModalPanel.zip
https://github.com/dustinrue/ControlPlane/archive/master.zip -O dustinrue--ControlPlane.zip
https://github.com/Naituw/WBWebViewConsole/archive/master.zip -O Naituw--WBWebViewConsole.zip
https://github.com/bestwnh/IGLDropDownMenu/archive/master.zip -O bestwnh--IGLDropDownMenu.zip
https://github.com/matteogobbi/MGSpotyViewController/archive/master.zip -O matteogobbi--MGSpotyViewController.zip
https://github.com/peter-iakovlev/Telegram/archive/master.zip -O peter-iakovlev--Telegram.zip
https://github.com/JazysYu/JZNavigationExtension/archive/master.zip -O JazysYu--JZNavigationExtension.zip
https://github.com/venmo/VENTouchLock/archive/master.zip -O venmo--VENTouchLock.zip
https://github.com/mysterioustrousers/MTMigration/archive/master.zip -O mysterioustrousers--MTMigration.zip
https://github.com/TeehanLax/Upcoming/archive/master.zip -O TeehanLax--Upcoming.zip
https://github.com/atljeremy/JFMinimalNotifications/archive/master.zip -O atljeremy--JFMinimalNotifications.zip
https://github.com/ParsePlatform/ParseUI-iOS/archive/master.zip -O ParsePlatform--ParseUI-iOS.zip
https://github.com/matbeich/StickyCollectionView/archive/master.zip -O matbeich--StickyCollectionView.zip
https://github.com/wikimedia/wikipedia-ios/archive/master.zip -O wikimedia--wikipedia-ios.zip
https://github.com/quartermaster/QSKit/archive/master.zip -O quartermaster--QSKit.zip
https://github.com/warrenm/AHEasing/archive/master.zip -O warrenm--AHEasing.zip
https://github.com/niltsh/MPlayerX/archive/master.zip -O niltsh--MPlayerX.zip
https://github.com/brutella/chatheads/archive/master.zip -O brutella--chatheads.zip
https://github.com/twotoasters/TWTSideMenuViewController/archive/master.zip -O twotoasters--TWTSideMenuViewController.zip
https://github.com/TomThorpe/UIScrollSlidingPages/archive/master.zip -O TomThorpe--UIScrollSlidingPages.zip
https://github.com/nicklockwood/AsyncImageView/archive/master.zip -O nicklockwood--AsyncImageView.zip
https://github.com/Citrrus/BlurryModalSegue/archive/master.zip -O Citrrus--BlurryModalSegue.zip
https://github.com/TanguyAladenise/BBBadgeBarButtonItem/archive/master.zip -O TanguyAladenise--BBBadgeBarButtonItem.zip
https://github.com/eliotfowler/EFCircularSlider/archive/master.zip -O eliotfowler--EFCircularSlider.zip
https://github.com/matthewcheok/POP-MCAnimate/archive/master.zip -O matthewcheok--POP-MCAnimate.zip
https://github.com/khanlou/SKBounceAnimation/archive/master.zip -O khanlou--SKBounceAnimation.zip
https://github.com/AaronRandall/Screentendo/archive/master.zip -O AaronRandall--Screentendo.zip
https://github.com/Pluto-Y/iOS-Echarts/archive/master.zip -O Pluto-Y--iOS-Echarts.zip
https://github.com/AlexBarinov/UIBubbleTableView/archive/master.zip -O AlexBarinov--UIBubbleTableView.zip
https://github.com/MacGapProject/MacGap2/archive/master.zip -O MacGapProject--MacGap2.zip
https://github.com/soffes/SSPullToRefresh/archive/master.zip -O soffes--SSPullToRefresh.zip
https://github.com/iRareMedia/iCloudDocumentSync/archive/master.zip -O iRareMedia--iCloudDocumentSync.zip
https://github.com/autresphere/ASMediaFocusManager/archive/master.zip -O autresphere--ASMediaFocusManager.zip
https://github.com/jivadevoe/UIAlertView-Blocks/archive/master.zip -O jivadevoe--UIAlertView-Blocks.zip
https://github.com/Roxasora/RxWebViewController/archive/master.zip -O Roxasora--RxWebViewController.zip
https://github.com/RobotsAndPencils/RPSlidingMenu/archive/master.zip -O RobotsAndPencils--RPSlidingMenu.zip
https://github.com/adad184/MMPlaceHolder/archive/master.zip -O adad184--MMPlaceHolder.zip
https://github.com/SocialObjects-Software/SOMessaging/archive/master.zip -O SocialObjects-Software--SOMessaging.zip
https://github.com/boztalay/BOZPongRefreshControl/archive/master.zip -O boztalay--BOZPongRefreshControl.zip
https://github.com/UrbanApps/UAProgressView/archive/master.zip -O UrbanApps--UAProgressView.zip
https://github.com/Pixate/pixate-freestyle-ios/archive/master.zip -O Pixate--pixate-freestyle-ios.zip
https://github.com/mdinacci/MDRadialProgress/archive/master.zip -O mdinacci--MDRadialProgress.zip
https://github.com/dzenbot/DZNWebViewController/archive/master.zip -O dzenbot--DZNWebViewController.zip
https://github.com/nicklockwood/AutoCoding/archive/master.zip -O nicklockwood--AutoCoding.zip
https://github.com/thermogl/TISwipeableTableView/archive/master.zip -O thermogl--TISwipeableTableView.zip
https://github.com/kimsungwhee/KSHObjcUML/archive/master.zip -O kimsungwhee--KSHObjcUML.zip
https://github.com/steipete/PSPDFTextView/archive/master.zip -O steipete--PSPDFTextView.zip
https://github.com/piotrbernad/FlatUI/archive/master.zip -O piotrbernad--FlatUI.zip
https://github.com/quemb/QMBParallaxScrollViewController/archive/master.zip -O quemb--QMBParallaxScrollViewController.zip
https://github.com/nikolaypavlov/MLPNeuralNet/archive/master.zip -O nikolaypavlov--MLPNeuralNet.zip
https://github.com/kolinkrewinkel/KKGridView/archive/master.zip -O kolinkrewinkel--KKGridView.zip
https://github.com/rob-brown/RBStoryboardLink/archive/master.zip -O rob-brown--RBStoryboardLink.zip
https://github.com/onemightyroar/YRDropdownView/archive/master.zip -O onemightyroar--YRDropdownView.zip
https://github.com/scopegate/octave/archive/master.zip -O scopegate--octave.zip
https://github.com/michaelhenry/FlipBoardNavigationController/archive/master.zip -O michaelhenry--FlipBoardNavigationController.zip
https://github.com/rnystrom/RNBlurModalView/archive/master.zip -O rnystrom--RNBlurModalView.zip
https://github.com/onevcat/VVBlurPresentation/archive/master.zip -O onevcat--VVBlurPresentation.zip
https://github.com/neror/ftutils/archive/master.zip -O neror--ftutils.zip
https://github.com/itouch2/PhotoTweaks/archive/master.zip -O itouch2--PhotoTweaks.zip
https://github.com/tciuro/NoticeView/archive/master.zip -O tciuro--NoticeView.zip
https://github.com/mttrb/BeaconOSX/archive/master.zip -O mttrb--BeaconOSX.zip
https://github.com/libgit2/objective-git/archive/master.zip -O libgit2--objective-git.zip
https://github.com/nothirst/TICoreDataSync/archive/master.zip -O nothirst--TICoreDataSync.zip
https://github.com/codykrieger/gfxCardStatus/archive/master.zip -O codykrieger--gfxCardStatus.zip
https://github.com/danqing/2048/archive/master.zip -O danqing--2048.zip
https://github.com/mattgemmell/MGImageUtilities/archive/master.zip -O mattgemmell--MGImageUtilities.zip
https://github.com/facebookarchive/IGInterfaceDataTable/archive/master.zip -O facebookarchive--IGInterfaceDataTable.zip
https://github.com/jasonmorrissey/JMTabView/archive/master.zip -O jasonmorrissey--JMTabView.zip
https://github.com/FixIssue/FixCode/archive/master.zip -O FixIssue--FixCode.zip
https://github.com/ricobeck/KFCocoaPodsPlugin/archive/master.zip -O ricobeck--KFCocoaPodsPlugin.zip
https://github.com/sonoramac/Sonora/archive/master.zip -O sonoramac--Sonora.zip
https://github.com/Nicejinux/NXDrawKit/archive/master.zip -O Nicejinux--NXDrawKit.zip
https://github.com/dataxpress/UICountingLabel/archive/master.zip -O dataxpress--UICountingLabel.zip
https://github.com/ipup/PPRevealSideViewController/archive/master.zip -O ipup--PPRevealSideViewController.zip
https://github.com/fortinmike/XcodeBoost/archive/master.zip -O fortinmike--XcodeBoost.zip
https://github.com/IdleHandsApps/IHKeyboardAvoiding/archive/master.zip -O IdleHandsApps--IHKeyboardAvoiding.zip
https://github.com/thefaj/OpenFlow/archive/master.zip -O thefaj--OpenFlow.zip
https://github.com/Tricertops/KeepLayout/archive/master.zip -O Tricertops--KeepLayout.zip
https://github.com/JonasGessner/JGActionSheet/archive/master.zip -O JonasGessner--JGActionSheet.zip
https://github.com/pyro2927/ParallaxBlur/archive/master.zip -O pyro2927--ParallaxBlur.zip
https://github.com/conopsys/COSTouchVisualizer/archive/master.zip -O conopsys--COSTouchVisualizer.zip
https://github.com/Split82/HMGLTransitions/archive/master.zip -O Split82--HMGLTransitions.zip
https://github.com/shyambhat/InstagramKit/archive/master.zip -O shyambhat--InstagramKit.zip
https://github.com/devcxm/iOS-Images-Extractor/archive/master.zip -O devcxm--iOS-Images-Extractor.zip
https://github.com/TimCinel/ActionSheetPicker/archive/master.zip -O TimCinel--ActionSheetPicker.zip
https://github.com/kstenerud/ObjectAL-for-iPhone/archive/master.zip -O kstenerud--ObjectAL-for-iPhone.zip
https://github.com/CooperRS/RMDateSelectionViewController/archive/master.zip -O CooperRS--RMDateSelectionViewController.zip
https://github.com/haqu/tiny-wings/archive/master.zip -O haqu--tiny-wings.zip
https://github.com/johnno1962/GitDiff/archive/master.zip -O johnno1962--GitDiff.zip
https://github.com/ugol/pomodoro/archive/master.zip -O ugol--pomodoro.zip
https://github.com/relatedcode/ProgressHUD/archive/master.zip -O relatedcode--ProgressHUD.zip
https://github.com/icepat/ICETutorial/archive/master.zip -O icepat--ICETutorial.zip
https://github.com/enormego/EGOImageLoading/archive/master.zip -O enormego--EGOImageLoading.zip
https://github.com/bryceredd/RFQuiltLayout/archive/master.zip -O bryceredd--RFQuiltLayout.zip
https://github.com/modocache/MDCParallaxView/archive/master.zip -O modocache--MDCParallaxView.zip
https://github.com/TouchCode/TouchJSON/archive/master.zip -O TouchCode--TouchJSON.zip
https://github.com/KittenYang/KYCuteView/archive/master.zip -O KittenYang--KYCuteView.zip
https://github.com/mobitar/MBAlertView/archive/master.zip -O mobitar--MBAlertView.zip
https://github.com/casatwy/RTNetworking/archive/master.zip -O casatwy--RTNetworking.zip
https://github.com/bengottlieb/Twitter-OAuth-iPhone/archive/master.zip -O bengottlieb--Twitter-OAuth-iPhone.zip
https://github.com/jharwig/PPSSignatureView/archive/master.zip -O jharwig--PPSSignatureView.zip
https://github.com/ole/OBShapedButton/archive/master.zip -O ole--OBShapedButton.zip
https://github.com/nst/STHTTPRequest/archive/master.zip -O nst--STHTTPRequest.zip
https://github.com/nxtbgthng/OAuth2Client/archive/master.zip -O nxtbgthng--OAuth2Client.zip
https://github.com/dtorres/OLImageView/archive/master.zip -O dtorres--OLImageView.zip
https://github.com/Akkyie/AKPickerView/archive/master.zip -O Akkyie--AKPickerView.zip
https://github.com/mattt/Navajo/archive/master.zip -O mattt--Navajo.zip
https://github.com/erica/iOS-7-Cookbook/archive/master.zip -O erica--iOS-7-Cookbook.zip
https://github.com/Friend-LGA/LGSideMenuController/archive/master.zip -O Friend-LGA--LGSideMenuController.zip
https://github.com/aaronn/ANBlurredImageView/archive/master.zip -O aaronn--ANBlurredImageView.zip
https://github.com/kgn/KGNoise/archive/master.zip -O kgn--KGNoise.zip
https://github.com/indragiek/CocoaMarkdown/archive/master.zip -O indragiek--CocoaMarkdown.zip
https://github.com/brocoo/BRFlabbyTable/archive/master.zip -O brocoo--BRFlabbyTable.zip
https://github.com/HackPlan/quark-shell-mac/archive/master.zip -O HackPlan--quark-shell-mac.zip
https://github.com/MatthewYork/iPhone-IntroductionTutorial/archive/master.zip -O MatthewYork--iPhone-IntroductionTutorial.zip
https://github.com/zac/iphonearkit/archive/master.zip -O zac--iphonearkit.zip
https://github.com/coderyi/NetworkEye/archive/master.zip -O coderyi--NetworkEye.zip
https://github.com/granoff/Lockbox/archive/master.zip -O granoff--Lockbox.zip
https://github.com/sgryschuk/SGNavigationProgress/archive/master.zip -O sgryschuk--SGNavigationProgress.zip
https://github.com/rounak/RJImageLoader/archive/master.zip -O rounak--RJImageLoader.zip
https://github.com/Squirrel/Squirrel.Mac/archive/master.zip -O Squirrel--Squirrel.Mac.zip
https://github.com/KMindeguia/movies/archive/master.zip -O KMindeguia--movies.zip
https://github.com/michaelhenry/MHFacebookImageViewer/archive/master.zip -O michaelhenry--MHFacebookImageViewer.zip
https://github.com/cwRichardKim/RKCardView/archive/master.zip -O cwRichardKim--RKCardView.zip
https://github.com/blizzard-op/VideoPlayerKit/archive/master.zip -O blizzard-op--VideoPlayerKit.zip
https://github.com/lmcd/LMAlertView/archive/master.zip -O lmcd--LMAlertView.zip
https://github.com/enormego/cocoa-helpers/archive/master.zip -O enormego--cocoa-helpers.zip
https://github.com/nicklockwood/FXLabel/archive/master.zip -O nicklockwood--FXLabel.zip
https://github.com/GeekZooStudio/ECMobile_iOS/archive/master.zip -O GeekZooStudio--ECMobile_iOS.zip
https://github.com/inspace-io/INSPullToRefresh/archive/master.zip -O inspace-io--INSPullToRefresh.zip
https://github.com/yannickl/YLProgressBar/archive/master.zip -O yannickl--YLProgressBar.zip
https://github.com/ZaBlanc/RaptureXML/archive/master.zip -O ZaBlanc--RaptureXML.zip
https://github.com/casatwy/HandyAutoLayout/archive/master.zip -O casatwy--HandyAutoLayout.zip
https://github.com/hholtmann/smcFanControl/archive/master.zip -O hholtmann--smcFanControl.zip
https://github.com/lgaches/BeaconEmitter/archive/master.zip -O lgaches--BeaconEmitter.zip
https://github.com/MartinRGB/MTMaterialDelete/archive/master.zip -O MartinRGB--MTMaterialDelete.zip
https://github.com/couchbaselabs/TouchDB-iOS/archive/master.zip -O couchbaselabs--TouchDB-iOS.zip
https://github.com/rs/SDURLCache/archive/master.zip -O rs--SDURLCache.zip
https://github.com/chrisdevereux/Slash/archive/master.zip -O chrisdevereux--Slash.zip
https://github.com/jspahrsummers/GroceryList/archive/master.zip -O jspahrsummers--GroceryList.zip
https://github.com/inkling/Subliminal/archive/master.zip -O inkling--Subliminal.zip
https://github.com/AlanQuatermain/aqtoolkit/archive/master.zip -O AlanQuatermain--aqtoolkit.zip
https://github.com/lyimin/beautifulApp/archive/master.zip -O lyimin--beautifulApp.zip
https://github.com/norio-nomura/EasySIMBL/archive/master.zip -O norio-nomura--EasySIMBL.zip
https://github.com/kevingibbon/KGStatusBar/archive/master.zip -O kevingibbon--KGStatusBar.zip
https://github.com/JJSaccolo/UIActivityIndicator-for-SDWebImage/archive/master.zip -O JJSaccolo--UIActivityIndicator-for-SDWebImage.zip
https://github.com/thibaultcha/TCBlobDownload/archive/master.zip -O thibaultcha--TCBlobDownload.zip
https://github.com/MartianZ/fakeThunder/archive/master.zip -O MartianZ--fakeThunder.zip
https://github.com/MailCore/MailCore/archive/master.zip -O MailCore--MailCore.zip
https://github.com/NewAmsterdamLabs/ZOZolaZoomTransition/archive/master.zip -O NewAmsterdamLabs--ZOZolaZoomTransition.zip
https://github.com/domesticcatsoftware/DCRoundSwitch/archive/master.zip -O domesticcatsoftware--DCRoundSwitch.zip
https://github.com/UrbanApps/UAAppReviewManager/archive/master.zip -O UrbanApps--UAAppReviewManager.zip
https://github.com/andrewroycarter/TimeScroller/archive/master.zip -O andrewroycarter--TimeScroller.zip
https://github.com/coderyi/Eleven/archive/master.zip -O coderyi--Eleven.zip
https://github.com/jhabdas/react-native-webpack-starter-kit/archive/master.zip -O jhabdas--react-native-webpack-starter-kit.zip
https://github.com/jonreid/OCMockito/archive/master.zip -O jonreid--OCMockito.zip
https://github.com/Quotation/WhoCall/archive/master.zip -O Quotation--WhoCall.zip
https://github.com/nicklockwood/iConsole/archive/master.zip -O nicklockwood--iConsole.zip
https://github.com/saturngod/IAPHelper/archive/master.zip -O saturngod--IAPHelper.zip
https://github.com/applidium/ADLivelyTableView/archive/master.zip -O applidium--ADLivelyTableView.zip
https://github.com/zhiyu/chartee/archive/master.zip -O zhiyu--chartee.zip
https://github.com/chroman/CRMotionView/archive/master.zip -O chroman--CRMotionView.zip
https://github.com/jezdez-archive/textmate-missingdrawer/archive/master.zip -O jezdez-archive--textmate-missingdrawer.zip
https://github.com/Famolus/HTPressableButton/archive/master.zip -O Famolus--HTPressableButton.zip
https://github.com/linkedin/LIExposeController/archive/master.zip -O linkedin--LIExposeController.zip
https://github.com/neror/CA360/archive/master.zip -O neror--CA360.zip
https://github.com/Ridiculous-Innovations/FTCoreText/archive/master.zip -O Ridiculous-Innovations--FTCoreText.zip
https://github.com/zhuchaowe/EasyIOS/archive/master.zip -O zhuchaowe--EasyIOS.zip
https://github.com/CharlinFeng/CoreLock/archive/master.zip -O CharlinFeng--CoreLock.zip
https://github.com/mentionapp/mntpulltoreact/archive/master.zip -O mentionapp--mntpulltoreact.zip
https://github.com/jonathantribouharet/JTMaterialTransition/archive/master.zip -O jonathantribouharet--JTMaterialTransition.zip
https://github.com/Adrian2112/UIImage-BlurredFrame/archive/master.zip -O Adrian2112--UIImage-BlurredFrame.zip
https://github.com/RuiAAPeres/UIViewController-Swizzled/archive/master.zip -O RuiAAPeres--UIViewController-Swizzled.zip
https://github.com/matmartinez/MMNumberKeyboard/archive/master.zip -O matmartinez--MMNumberKeyboard.zip
https://github.com/hsousa/HCSStarRatingView/archive/master.zip -O hsousa--HCSStarRatingView.zip
https://github.com/tomersh/Objective-C-Generics/archive/master.zip -O tomersh--Objective-C-Generics.zip
https://github.com/gangverk/GVUserDefaults/archive/master.zip -O gangverk--GVUserDefaults.zip
https://github.com/MakeZL/ZLPhotoLib/archive/master.zip -O MakeZL--ZLPhotoLib.zip
https://github.com/dfmuir/KINWebBrowser/archive/master.zip -O dfmuir--KINWebBrowser.zip
https://github.com/rentzsch/clicktoflash/archive/master.zip -O rentzsch--clicktoflash.zip
https://github.com/AlvaroFranco/AFSoundManager/archive/master.zip -O AlvaroFranco--AFSoundManager.zip
https://github.com/Yalantis/Preloader.Ophiuchus/archive/master.zip -O Yalantis--Preloader.Ophiuchus.zip
https://github.com/ming1016/RSSRead/archive/master.zip -O ming1016--RSSRead.zip
https://github.com/ZhongTaoTian/SmallDay/archive/master.zip -O ZhongTaoTian--SmallDay.zip
https://github.com/steipete/PSTAlertController/archive/master.zip -O steipete--PSTAlertController.zip
https://github.com/CocoaPods/CocoaPods-app/archive/master.zip -O CocoaPods--CocoaPods-app.zip
https://github.com/DenHeadless/Shapes/archive/master.zip -O DenHeadless--Shapes.zip
https://github.com/protocool/AckMate/archive/master.zip -O protocool--AckMate.zip
https://github.com/ClassyKit/Classy/archive/master.zip -O ClassyKit--Classy.zip
https://github.com/Tangdixi/DCPathButton/archive/master.zip -O Tangdixi--DCPathButton.zip
https://github.com/Kjuly/KYCircleMenu/archive/master.zip -O Kjuly--KYCircleMenu.zip
https://github.com/k06a/ABCalendarPicker/archive/master.zip -O k06a--ABCalendarPicker.zip
https://github.com/maxep/MXParallaxHeader/archive/master.zip -O maxep--MXParallaxHeader.zip
https://github.com/martijnwalraven/meteor-ios/archive/master.zip -O martijnwalraven--meteor-ios.zip
https://github.com/kelp404/CocoaSecurity/archive/master.zip -O kelp404--CocoaSecurity.zip
https://github.com/mattt/TransformerKit/archive/master.zip -O mattt--TransformerKit.zip
https://github.com/zhengmin1989/iOS_ICE_AND_FIRE/archive/master.zip -O zhengmin1989--iOS_ICE_AND_FIRE.zip
https://github.com/mayoff/uiimage-from-animated-gif/archive/master.zip -O mayoff--uiimage-from-animated-gif.zip
https://github.com/Glow-Inc/GLCalendarView/archive/master.zip -O Glow-Inc--GLCalendarView.zip
https://github.com/bfeher/BFPaperButton/archive/master.zip -O bfeher--BFPaperButton.zip
https://github.com/500px/greedo-layout-for-ios/archive/master.zip -O 500px--greedo-layout-for-ios.zip
https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-blur/archive/master.zip -O react-native-community--react-native-blur.zip
https://github.com/qfish/XActivatePowerMode/archive/master.zip -O qfish--XActivatePowerMode.zip
https://github.com/meiwin/NgKeyboardTracker/archive/master.zip -O meiwin--NgKeyboardTracker.zip
https://github.com/markohlebar/Peckham/archive/master.zip -O markohlebar--Peckham.zip
https://github.com/aryaxt/iOS-Rich-Text-Editor/archive/master.zip -O aryaxt--iOS-Rich-Text-Editor.zip
https://github.com/ltebean/LTInfiniteScrollView/archive/master.zip -O ltebean--LTInfiniteScrollView.zip
https://github.com/paypal/PayPal-iOS-SDK/archive/master.zip -O paypal--PayPal-iOS-SDK.zip
https://github.com/leichunfeng/WXTabBarController/archive/master.zip -O leichunfeng--WXTabBarController.zip
https://github.com/arauchfuss/Simple-Comic/archive/master.zip -O arauchfuss--Simple-Comic.zip
https://github.com/mtigas/iOS-OnionBrowser/archive/master.zip -O mtigas--iOS-OnionBrowser.zip
https://github.com/lmirosevic/GBDeviceInfo/archive/master.zip -O lmirosevic--GBDeviceInfo.zip
https://github.com/lukhnos/objectiveflickr/archive/master.zip -O lukhnos--objectiveflickr.zip
https://github.com/GnosisHub/GHWalkThrough/archive/master.zip -O GnosisHub--GHWalkThrough.zip
https://github.com/Ideon/SmudgeKit/archive/master.zip -O Ideon--SmudgeKit.zip
https://github.com/subdigital/nsscreencast/archive/master.zip -O subdigital--nsscreencast.zip
https://github.com/uzysjung/UzysAssetsPickerController/archive/master.zip -O uzysjung--UzysAssetsPickerController.zip
https://github.com/venmo/VENCalculatorInputView/archive/master.zip -O venmo--VENCalculatorInputView.zip
https://github.com/appsquickly/XcodeEditor/archive/master.zip -O appsquickly--XcodeEditor.zip
https://github.com/vtourraine/VTAcknowledgementsViewController/archive/master.zip -O vtourraine--VTAcknowledgementsViewController.zip
https://github.com/lobianco/ALMoviePlayerController/archive/master.zip -O lobianco--ALMoviePlayerController.zip
https://github.com/enormego/EGOTextView/archive/master.zip -O enormego--EGOTextView.zip
https://github.com/kluivers/qc-mobile/archive/master.zip -O kluivers--qc-mobile.zip
https://github.com/spritebuilder/SpriteBuilder/archive/master.zip -O spritebuilder--SpriteBuilder.zip
https://github.com/CharlinFeng/CoreModel/archive/master.zip -O CharlinFeng--CoreModel.zip
https://github.com/ArthurGuibert/FSLineChart/archive/master.zip -O ArthurGuibert--FSLineChart.zip
https://github.com/poboke/ActivatePowerMode/archive/master.zip -O poboke--ActivatePowerMode.zip
https://github.com/fabiocaccamo/FCUUID/archive/master.zip -O fabiocaccamo--FCUUID.zip
https://github.com/mutualmobile/MMRecord/archive/master.zip -O mutualmobile--MMRecord.zip
