https://github.com/symfony/symfony-demo/archive/master.zip -O symfony--symfony-demo.zip
https://github.com/toplan/laravel-sms/archive/master.zip -O toplan--laravel-sms.zip
https://github.com/msgpack/msgpack-php/archive/master.zip -O msgpack--msgpack-php.zip
https://github.com/davedevelopment/phpmig/archive/master.zip -O davedevelopment--phpmig.zip
https://github.com/rdlowrey/auryn/archive/master.zip -O rdlowrey--auryn.zip
https://github.com/Quixotix/PHP-PayPal-IPN/archive/master.zip -O Quixotix--PHP-PayPal-IPN.zip
https://github.com/jasny/sso/archive/master.zip -O jasny--sso.zip
https://github.com/SammyK/LaravelFacebookSdk/archive/master.zip -O SammyK--LaravelFacebookSdk.zip
https://github.com/vlucas/spot2/archive/master.zip -O vlucas--spot2.zip
https://github.com/rtconner/laravel-tagging/archive/master.zip -O rtconner--laravel-tagging.zip
https://github.com/creolab/laravel-modules/archive/master.zip -O creolab--laravel-modules.zip
https://github.com/silvanmelchior/RPi_Cam_Web_Interface/archive/master.zip -O silvanmelchior--RPi_Cam_Web_Interface.zip
https://github.com/ollieread/multiauth/archive/master.zip -O ollieread--multiauth.zip
https://github.com/mewebstudio/Purifier/archive/master.zip -O mewebstudio--Purifier.zip
https://github.com/mageplus/mageplus/archive/master.zip -O mageplus--mageplus.zip
https://github.com/TYPO3/TYPO3.CMS/archive/master.zip -O TYPO3--TYPO3.CMS.zip
https://github.com/PushmanPHP/pushman/archive/master.zip -O PushmanPHP--pushman.zip
https://github.com/docker-php/docker-php/archive/master.zip -O docker-php--docker-php.zip
https://github.com/emoncms/emoncms/archive/master.zip -O emoncms--emoncms.zip
https://github.com/RachidLaasri/LaravelInstaller/archive/master.zip -O RachidLaasri--LaravelInstaller.zip
https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-cms/archive/master.zip -O silverstripe--silverstripe-cms.zip
https://github.com/GaretJax/phpbrowscap/archive/master.zip -O GaretJax--phpbrowscap.zip
https://github.com/usmanhalalit/pixie/archive/master.zip -O usmanhalalit--pixie.zip
https://github.com/laracasts/Presenter/archive/master.zip -O laracasts--Presenter.zip
https://github.com/willdurand/EmailReplyParser/archive/master.zip -O willdurand--EmailReplyParser.zip
https://github.com/hlashbrooke/WordPress-Plugin-Template/archive/master.zip -O hlashbrooke--WordPress-Plugin-Template.zip
https://github.com/braincrafted/bootstrap-bundle/archive/master.zip -O braincrafted--bootstrap-bundle.zip
https://github.com/amphp/amp/archive/master.zip -O amphp--amp.zip
https://github.com/jeremyclark13/automatic-theme-plugin-update/archive/master.zip -O jeremyclark13--automatic-theme-plugin-update.zip
https://github.com/clevertech/YiiBoilerplate/archive/master.zip -O clevertech--YiiBoilerplate.zip
https://github.com/OpenMage/magento-mirror/archive/master.zip -O OpenMage--magento-mirror.zip
https://github.com/intaro/pinboard/archive/master.zip -O intaro--pinboard.zip
https://github.com/Torann/laravel-geoip/archive/master.zip -O Torann--laravel-geoip.zip
https://github.com/brianium/paratest/archive/master.zip -O brianium--paratest.zip
https://github.com/nahid/talk/archive/master.zip -O nahid--talk.zip
https://github.com/10up/ElasticPress/archive/master.zip -O 10up--ElasticPress.zip
https://github.com/edusoho/edusoho/archive/master.zip -O edusoho--edusoho.zip
https://github.com/Chumper/Datatable/archive/master.zip -O Chumper--Datatable.zip
https://github.com/ReactiveX/RxPHP/archive/master.zip -O ReactiveX--RxPHP.zip
https://github.com/Chassis/Chassis/archive/master.zip -O Chassis--Chassis.zip
https://github.com/doctrine/migrations/archive/master.zip -O doctrine--migrations.zip
https://github.com/mustangostang/spyc/archive/master.zip -O mustangostang--spyc.zip
https://github.com/philsturgeon/codeigniter-template/archive/master.zip -O philsturgeon--codeigniter-template.zip
https://github.com/Seldaek/php-console/archive/master.zip -O Seldaek--php-console.zip
https://github.com/recoilphp/recoil/archive/master.zip -O recoilphp--recoil.zip
https://github.com/webpatser/laravel-uuid/archive/master.zip -O webpatser--laravel-uuid.zip
https://github.com/crowdfavorite/wp-post-formats/archive/master.zip -O crowdfavorite--wp-post-formats.zip
https://github.com/panique/mini2/archive/master.zip -O panique--mini2.zip
https://github.com/jeremykendall/php-domain-parser/archive/master.zip -O jeremykendall--php-domain-parser.zip
https://github.com/nixsolutions/yandex-php-library/archive/master.zip -O nixsolutions--yandex-php-library.zip
https://github.com/oott123/bpcs_uploader/archive/master.zip -O oott123--bpcs_uploader.zip
https://github.com/lufficc/Xblog/archive/master.zip -O lufficc--Xblog.zip
https://github.com/movim/movim/archive/master.zip -O movim--movim.zip
https://github.com/Openovate/eden/archive/master.zip -O Openovate--eden.zip
https://github.com/nova-framework/framework/archive/master.zip -O nova-framework--framework.zip
https://github.com/laracasts/TestDummy/archive/master.zip -O laracasts--TestDummy.zip
https://github.com/dannyvankooten/PHP-Router/archive/master.zip -O dannyvankooten--PHP-Router.zip
https://github.com/sourcefabric/airtime/archive/master.zip -O sourcefabric--airtime.zip
https://github.com/analogueorm/analogue/archive/master.zip -O analogueorm--analogue.zip
https://github.com/devster/ubench/archive/master.zip -O devster--ubench.zip
https://github.com/aaronlord/laroute/archive/master.zip -O aaronlord--laroute.zip
https://github.com/rackspace/php-opencloud/archive/master.zip -O rackspace--php-opencloud.zip
https://github.com/Pomax/BezierInfo-2/archive/master.zip -O Pomax--BezierInfo-2.zip
https://github.com/asimlqt/php-google-spreadsheet-client/archive/master.zip -O asimlqt--php-google-spreadsheet-client.zip
https://github.com/antonioribeiro/firewall/archive/master.zip -O antonioribeiro--firewall.zip
https://github.com/jekkos/opensourcepos/archive/master.zip -O jekkos--opensourcepos.zip
https://github.com/mlively/Phake/archive/master.zip -O mlively--Phake.zip
https://github.com/K-Phoen/rulerz/archive/master.zip -O K-Phoen--rulerz.zip
https://github.com/tedious/Fetch/archive/master.zip -O tedious--Fetch.zip
https://github.com/fightbulc/moment.php/archive/master.zip -O fightbulc--moment.php.zip
https://github.com/thebuggenie/thebuggenie/archive/master.zip -O thebuggenie--thebuggenie.zip
https://github.com/yzalis/Identicon/archive/master.zip -O yzalis--Identicon.zip
https://github.com/tlhunter/neoinvoice/archive/master.zip -O tlhunter--neoinvoice.zip
https://github.com/radiosilence/Ham/archive/master.zip -O radiosilence--Ham.zip
https://github.com/presscustomizr/hueman/archive/master.zip -O presscustomizr--hueman.zip
https://github.com/symfony2admingenerator/AdmingeneratorGeneratorBundle/archive/master.zip -O symfony2admingenerator--AdmingeneratorGeneratorBundle.zip
https://github.com/tinyspeck/hammock/archive/master.zip -O tinyspeck--hammock.zip
https://github.com/nielse63/php-image-cache/archive/master.zip -O nielse63--php-image-cache.zip
https://github.com/nelmio/NelmioSecurityBundle/archive/master.zip -O nelmio--NelmioSecurityBundle.zip
https://github.com/spatie/regex/archive/master.zip -O spatie--regex.zip
https://github.com/jaz303/phake/archive/master.zip -O jaz303--phake.zip
https://github.com/Masterminds/html5-php/archive/master.zip -O Masterminds--html5-php.zip
https://github.com/jacwright/RestServer/archive/master.zip -O jacwright--RestServer.zip
https://github.com/nicolopignatelli/valueobjects/archive/master.zip -O nicolopignatelli--valueobjects.zip
https://github.com/jeckman/YouTube-Downloader/archive/master.zip -O jeckman--YouTube-Downloader.zip
https://github.com/syamilmj/Aqua-Resizer/archive/master.zip -O syamilmj--Aqua-Resizer.zip
https://github.com/caffeinated/modules/archive/master.zip -O caffeinated--modules.zip
https://github.com/Frug/AJAX-Chat/archive/master.zip -O Frug--AJAX-Chat.zip
https://github.com/thephpleague/factory-muffin/archive/master.zip -O thephpleague--factory-muffin.zip
https://github.com/daylerees/test-driven-development-example/archive/master.zip -O daylerees--test-driven-development-example.zip
https://github.com/kartik-v/yii2-widgets/archive/master.zip -O kartik-v--yii2-widgets.zip
https://github.com/commando/dogpatch/archive/master.zip -O commando--dogpatch.zip
https://github.com/UpThemes/UpThemes-Framework/archive/master.zip -O UpThemes--UpThemes-Framework.zip
https://github.com/walkor/shadowsocks-php/archive/master.zip -O walkor--shadowsocks-php.zip
https://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/uprofiler/archive/master.zip -O FriendsOfPHP--uprofiler.zip
https://github.com/certificationy/certificationy/archive/master.zip -O certificationy--certificationy.zip
https://github.com/paragonie/random_compat/archive/master.zip -O paragonie--random_compat.zip
https://github.com/livestreet/livestreet/archive/master.zip -O livestreet--livestreet.zip
https://github.com/bainternet/Tax-Meta-Class/archive/master.zip -O bainternet--Tax-Meta-Class.zip
https://github.com/phoronix-test-suite/phoronix-test-suite/archive/master.zip -O phoronix-test-suite--phoronix-test-suite.zip
https://github.com/laravel/laravel/archive/master.zip -O laravel--laravel.zip
https://github.com/bcit-ci/CodeIgniter/archive/master.zip -O bcit-ci--CodeIgniter.zip
https://github.com/symfony/symfony/archive/master.zip -O symfony--symfony.zip
https://github.com/domnikl/DesignPatternsPHP/archive/master.zip -O domnikl--DesignPatternsPHP.zip
https://github.com/fzaninotto/Faker/archive/master.zip -O fzaninotto--Faker.zip
https://github.com/yiisoft/yii2/archive/master.zip -O yiisoft--yii2.zip
https://github.com/composer/composer/archive/master.zip -O composer--composer.zip
https://github.com/WordPress/WordPress/archive/master.zip -O WordPress--WordPress.zip
https://github.com/guzzle/guzzle/archive/master.zip -O guzzle--guzzle.zip
https://github.com/phacility/phabricator/archive/master.zip -O phacility--phabricator.zip
https://github.com/roots/sage/archive/master.zip -O roots--sage.zip
https://github.com/PHPMailer/PHPMailer/archive/master.zip -O PHPMailer--PHPMailer.zip
https://github.com/phalcon/cphalcon/archive/master.zip -O phalcon--cphalcon.zip
https://github.com/slimphp/Slim/archive/master.zip -O slimphp--Slim.zip
https://github.com/PHPOffice/PHPExcel/archive/master.zip -O PHPOffice--PHPExcel.zip
https://github.com/cakephp/cakephp/archive/master.zip -O cakephp--cakephp.zip
https://github.com/phanan/koel/archive/master.zip -O phanan--koel.zip
https://github.com/serbanghita/Mobile-Detect/archive/master.zip -O serbanghita--Mobile-Detect.zip
https://github.com/piwik/piwik/archive/master.zip -O piwik--piwik.zip
https://github.com/laravel/framework/archive/master.zip -O laravel--framework.zip
https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit/archive/master.zip -O sebastianbergmann--phpunit.zip
https://github.com/Seldaek/monolog/archive/master.zip -O Seldaek--monolog.zip
https://github.com/getgrav/grav/archive/master.zip -O getgrav--grav.zip
https://github.com/twostairs/paperwork/archive/master.zip -O twostairs--paperwork.zip
https://github.com/CachetHQ/Cachet/archive/master.zip -O CachetHQ--Cachet.zip
https://github.com/octobercms/october/archive/master.zip -O octobercms--october.zip
https://github.com/owncloud/core/archive/master.zip -O owncloud--core.zip
https://github.com/briannesbitt/Carbon/archive/master.zip -O briannesbitt--Carbon.zip
https://github.com/dingo/api/archive/master.zip -O dingo--api.zip
https://github.com/yiisoft/yii/archive/master.zip -O yiisoft--yii.zip
https://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/Goutte/archive/master.zip -O FriendsOfPHP--Goutte.zip
https://github.com/reactphp/react/archive/master.zip -O reactphp--react.zip
https://github.com/justinwalsh/daux.io/archive/master.zip -O justinwalsh--daux.io.zip
https://github.com/Intervention/image/archive/master.zip -O Intervention--image.zip
https://github.com/laravel/lumen/archive/master.zip -O laravel--lumen.zip
https://github.com/barryvdh/laravel-debugbar/archive/master.zip -O barryvdh--laravel-debugbar.zip
https://github.com/DevinVinson/WordPress-Plugin-Boilerplate/archive/master.zip -O DevinVinson--WordPress-Plugin-Boilerplate.zip
https://github.com/danielmiessler/SecLists/archive/master.zip -O danielmiessler--SecLists.zip
https://github.com/google/google-api-php-client/archive/master.zip -O google--google-api-php-client.zip
https://github.com/barryvdh/laravel-ide-helper/archive/master.zip -O barryvdh--laravel-ide-helper.zip
https://github.com/magento/magento2/archive/master.zip -O magento--magento2.zip
https://github.com/pagekit/pagekit/archive/master.zip -O pagekit--pagekit.zip
https://github.com/subtlepatterns/SubtlePatterns/archive/master.zip -O subtlepatterns--SubtlePatterns.zip
https://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/PHP-CS-Fixer/archive/master.zip -O FriendsOfPHP--PHP-CS-Fixer.zip
https://github.com/isohuntto/openbay/archive/master.zip -O isohuntto--openbay.zip
https://github.com/erusev/parsedown/archive/master.zip -O erusev--parsedown.zip
https://github.com/WP-API/WP-API/archive/master.zip -O WP-API--WP-API.zip
https://github.com/Zizaco/entrust/archive/master.zip -O Zizaco--entrust.zip
https://github.com/humhub/humhub/archive/master.zip -O humhub--humhub.zip
https://github.com/overtrue/wechat/archive/master.zip -O overtrue--wechat.zip
https://github.com/filp/whoops/archive/master.zip -O filp--whoops.zip
https://github.com/Respect/Validation/archive/master.zip -O Respect--Validation.zip
https://github.com/facebookarchive/facebook-php-sdk/archive/master.zip -O facebookarchive--facebook-php-sdk.zip
https://github.com/twigphp/Twig/archive/master.zip -O twigphp--Twig.zip
https://github.com/ThinkUpLLC/ThinkUp/archive/master.zip -O ThinkUpLLC--ThinkUp.zip
https://github.com/kriswallsmith/assetic/archive/master.zip -O kriswallsmith--assetic.zip
https://github.com/silexphp/Silex/archive/master.zip -O silexphp--Silex.zip
https://github.com/nemoTyrant/manong/archive/master.zip -O nemoTyrant--manong.zip
https://github.com/doctrine/doctrine2/archive/master.zip -O doctrine--doctrine2.zip
https://github.com/abraham/twitteroauth/archive/master.zip -O abraham--twitteroauth.zip
https://github.com/walkor/Workerman/archive/master.zip -O walkor--Workerman.zip
https://github.com/ratchetphp/Ratchet/archive/master.zip -O ratchetphp--Ratchet.zip
https://github.com/chriskacerguis/codeigniter-restserver/archive/master.zip -O chriskacerguis--codeigniter-restserver.zip
https://github.com/roots/bedrock/archive/master.zip -O roots--bedrock.zip
https://github.com/JeffreyWay/Laravel-4-Generators/archive/master.zip -O JeffreyWay--Laravel-4-Generators.zip
https://github.com/electerious/Lychee/archive/master.zip -O electerious--Lychee.zip
https://github.com/pattern-lab/patternlab-php/archive/master.zip -O pattern-lab--patternlab-php.zip
https://github.com/nrk/predis/archive/master.zip -O nrk--predis.zip
https://github.com/dodgepudding/wechat-php-sdk/archive/master.zip -O dodgepudding--wechat-php-sdk.zip
https://github.com/thephpleague/flysystem/archive/master.zip -O thephpleague--flysystem.zip
https://github.com/dompdf/dompdf/archive/master.zip -O dompdf--dompdf.zip
https://github.com/bolt/bolt/archive/master.zip -O bolt--bolt.zip
https://github.com/wp-cli/wp-cli/archive/master.zip -O wp-cli--wp-cli.zip
https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/archive/master.zip -O woocommerce--woocommerce.zip
https://github.com/deployphp/deployer/archive/master.zip -O deployphp--deployer.zip
https://github.com/opencart/opencart/archive/master.zip -O opencart--opencart.zip
https://github.com/timber/timber/archive/master.zip -O timber--timber.zip
https://github.com/avalanche123/Imagine/archive/master.zip -O avalanche123--Imagine.zip
https://github.com/vlucas/phpdotenv/archive/master.zip -O vlucas--phpdotenv.zip
https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer/archive/master.zip -O squizlabs--PHP_CodeSniffer.zip
https://github.com/anchorcms/anchor-cms/archive/master.zip -O anchorcms--anchor-cms.zip
https://github.com/geocoder-php/Geocoder/archive/master.zip -O geocoder-php--Geocoder.zip
https://github.com/tymondesigns/jwt-auth/archive/master.zip -O tymondesigns--jwt-auth.zip
https://github.com/mgp25/Chat-API/archive/master.zip -O mgp25--Chat-API.zip
https://github.com/mledoze/countries/archive/master.zip -O mledoze--countries.zip
https://github.com/fex-team/fis/archive/master.zip -O fex-team--fis.zip
https://github.com/YOURLS/YOURLS/archive/master.zip -O YOURLS--YOURLS.zip
https://github.com/Maatwebsite/Laravel-Excel/archive/master.zip -O Maatwebsite--Laravel-Excel.zip
https://github.com/php-pm/php-pm/archive/master.zip -O php-pm--php-pm.zip
https://github.com/robmorgan/phinx/archive/master.zip -O robmorgan--phinx.zip
https://github.com/typecho/typecho/archive/master.zip -O typecho--typecho.zip
https://github.com/nikic/PHP-Parser/archive/master.zip -O nikic--PHP-Parser.zip
https://github.com/Sylius/Sylius/archive/master.zip -O Sylius--Sylius.zip
https://github.com/thephpleague/oauth2-server/archive/master.zip -O thephpleague--oauth2-server.zip
https://github.com/chrisboulton/php-resque/archive/master.zip -O chrisboulton--php-resque.zip
https://github.com/Codeception/Codeception/archive/master.zip -O Codeception--Codeception.zip
https://github.com/picocms/Pico/archive/master.zip -O picocms--Pico.zip
https://github.com/TechEmpower/FrameworkBenchmarks/archive/master.zip -O TechEmpower--FrameworkBenchmarks.zip
https://github.com/drupal/drupal/archive/master.zip -O drupal--drupal.zip
https://github.com/bobthecow/mustache.php/archive/master.zip -O bobthecow--mustache.php.zip
https://github.com/pyrocms/pyrocms/archive/master.zip -O pyrocms--pyrocms.zip
https://github.com/michelf/php-markdown/archive/master.zip -O michelf--php-markdown.zip
https://github.com/rmccue/Requests/archive/master.zip -O rmccue--Requests.zip
https://github.com/top-think/thinkphp/archive/master.zip -O top-think--thinkphp.zip
https://github.com/hybridauth/hybridauth/archive/master.zip -O hybridauth--hybridauth.zip
https://github.com/wallabag/wallabag/archive/master.zip -O wallabag--wallabag.zip
https://github.com/scotch-io/scotch-box/archive/master.zip -O scotch-io--scotch-box.zip
https://github.com/rocketeers/rocketeer/archive/master.zip -O rocketeers--rocketeer.zip
https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-php/archive/master.zip -O aws--aws-sdk-php.zip
https://github.com/catfan/Medoo/archive/master.zip -O catfan--Medoo.zip
https://github.com/joomla/joomla-cms/archive/master.zip -O joomla--joomla-cms.zip
https://github.com/hirak/prestissimo/archive/master.zip -O hirak--prestissimo.zip
https://github.com/kanboard/kanboard/archive/master.zip -O kanboard--kanboard.zip
https://github.com/leafo/lessphp/archive/master.zip -O leafo--lessphp.zip
https://github.com/phptodayorg/php-must-watch/archive/master.zip -O phptodayorg--php-must-watch.zip
https://github.com/borisrepl/boris/archive/master.zip -O borisrepl--boris.zip
https://github.com/jenssegers/laravel-mongodb/archive/master.zip -O jenssegers--laravel-mongodb.zip
https://github.com/lucadegasperi/oauth2-server-laravel/archive/master.zip -O lucadegasperi--oauth2-server-laravel.zip
https://github.com/mrclay/minify/archive/master.zip -O mrclay--minify.zip
https://github.com/padraic/mockery/archive/master.zip -O padraic--mockery.zip
https://github.com/olefredrik/FoundationPress/archive/master.zip -O olefredrik--FoundationPress.zip
https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/archive/master.zip -O PrestaShop--PrestaShop.zip
https://github.com/KnpLabs/snappy/archive/master.zip -O KnpLabs--snappy.zip
https://github.com/paragonie/awesome-appsec/archive/master.zip -O paragonie--awesome-appsec.zip
https://github.com/interconnectit/Search-Replace-DB/archive/master.zip -O interconnectit--Search-Replace-DB.zip
https://github.com/php/php-langspec/archive/master.zip -O php--php-langspec.zip
https://github.com/orvice/ss-panel/archive/master.zip -O orvice--ss-panel.zip
https://github.com/COCOPi/cockpit/archive/master.zip -O COCOPi--cockpit.zip
https://github.com/bshaffer/oauth2-server-php/archive/master.zip -O bshaffer--oauth2-server-php.zip
https://github.com/Behat/Behat/archive/master.zip -O Behat--Behat.zip
https://github.com/top-think/think/archive/master.zip -O top-think--think.zip
https://github.com/PHPOffice/PHPWord/archive/master.zip -O PHPOffice--PHPWord.zip
https://github.com/booksbyus/zguide/archive/master.zip -O booksbyus--zguide.zip
https://github.com/bcosca/fatfree/archive/master.zip -O bcosca--fatfree.zip
https://github.com/ramsey/uuid/archive/master.zip -O ramsey--uuid.zip
https://github.com/klein/klein.php/archive/master.zip -O klein--klein.php.zip
https://github.com/roundcube/roundcubemail/archive/master.zip -O roundcube--roundcubemail.zip
https://github.com/phpmyadmin/phpmyadmin/archive/master.zip -O phpmyadmin--phpmyadmin.zip
https://github.com/BootstrapCMS/CMS/archive/master.zip -O BootstrapCMS--CMS.zip
https://github.com/nikic/FastRoute/archive/master.zip -O nikic--FastRoute.zip
https://github.com/VerbalExpressions/PHPVerbalExpressions/archive/master.zip -O VerbalExpressions--PHPVerbalExpressions.zip
https://github.com/WebDevStudios/Custom-Metaboxes-and-Fields-for-WordPress/archive/master.zip -O WebDevStudios--Custom-Metaboxes-and-Fields-for-WordPress.zip
https://github.com/panique/huge/archive/master.zip -O panique--huge.zip
https://github.com/FrozenNode/Laravel-Administrator/archive/master.zip -O FrozenNode--Laravel-Administrator.zip
https://github.com/twittem/wp-bootstrap-navwalker/archive/master.zip -O twittem--wp-bootstrap-navwalker.zip
https://github.com/vrana/adminer/archive/master.zip -O vrana--adminer.zip
https://github.com/Codiad/Codiad/archive/master.zip -O Codiad--Codiad.zip
https://github.com/phpDocumentor/phpDocumentor2/archive/master.zip -O phpDocumentor--phpDocumentor2.zip
https://github.com/j4mie/idiorm/archive/master.zip -O j4mie--idiorm.zip
https://github.com/ircmaxell/password_compat/archive/master.zip -O ircmaxell--password_compat.zip
https://github.com/summerblue/phphub/archive/master.zip -O summerblue--phphub.zip
https://github.com/swiftmailer/swiftmailer/archive/master.zip -O swiftmailer--swiftmailer.zip
https://github.com/KnpLabs/Gaufrette/archive/master.zip -O KnpLabs--Gaufrette.zip
https://github.com/rappasoft/laravel-5-boilerplate/archive/master.zip -O rappasoft--laravel-5-boilerplate.zip
https://github.com/phacility/xhprof/archive/master.zip -O phacility--xhprof.zip
https://github.com/benedmunds/CodeIgniter-Ion-Auth/archive/master.zip -O benedmunds--CodeIgniter-Ion-Auth.zip
https://github.com/danielstjules/Stringy/archive/master.zip -O danielstjules--Stringy.zip
https://github.com/raveren/kint/archive/master.zip -O raveren--kint.zip
https://github.com/Atlantic18/DoctrineExtensions/archive/master.zip -O Atlantic18--DoctrineExtensions.zip
https://github.com/cartalyst/sentry/archive/master.zip -O cartalyst--sentry.zip
https://github.com/bjankord/Style-Guide-Boilerplate/archive/master.zip -O bjankord--Style-Guide-Boilerplate.zip
https://github.com/SimpleRegex/SRL-PHP/archive/master.zip -O SimpleRegex--SRL-PHP.zip
https://github.com/ccoenraets/backbone-directory/archive/master.zip -O ccoenraets--backbone-directory.zip
https://github.com/kohana/kohana/archive/master.zip -O kohana--kohana.zip
https://github.com/gabordemooij/redbean/archive/master.zip -O gabordemooij--redbean.zip
https://github.com/RainLoop/rainloop-webmail/archive/master.zip -O RainLoop--rainloop-webmail.zip
https://github.com/hmlb/phpunit-vw/archive/master.zip -O hmlb--phpunit-vw.zip
https://github.com/johnlui/Learn-Laravel-5/archive/master.zip -O johnlui--Learn-Laravel-5.zip
https://github.com/Circa75/dropplets/archive/master.zip -O Circa75--dropplets.zip
https://github.com/giggsey/libphonenumber-for-php/archive/master.zip -O giggsey--libphonenumber-for-php.zip
https://github.com/caouecs/Laravel-lang/archive/master.zip -O caouecs--Laravel-lang.zip
https://github.com/thephpleague/fractal/archive/master.zip -O thephpleague--fractal.zip
https://github.com/bobthecow/psysh/archive/master.zip -O bobthecow--psysh.zip
https://github.com/vanilla/vanilla/archive/master.zip -O vanilla--vanilla.zip
https://github.com/moodle/moodle/archive/master.zip -O moodle--moodle.zip
https://github.com/delight-im/FreeGeoDB/archive/master.zip -O delight-im--FreeGeoDB.zip
https://github.com/helloqingfeng/Awsome-Front-End-learning-resource/archive/master.zip -O helloqingfeng--Awsome-Front-End-learning-resource.zip
https://github.com/splitbrain/dokuwiki/archive/master.zip -O splitbrain--dokuwiki.zip
https://github.com/mikecao/flight/archive/master.zip -O mikecao--flight.zip
https://github.com/zendframework/ZendSkeletonApplication/archive/master.zip -O zendframework--ZendSkeletonApplication.zip
https://github.com/markjaquith/WordPress-Skeleton/archive/master.zip -O markjaquith--WordPress-Skeleton.zip
https://github.com/maximebf/php-debugbar/archive/master.zip -O maximebf--php-debugbar.zip
https://github.com/simplebits/Pears/archive/master.zip -O simplebits--Pears.zip
https://github.com/laravel/socialite/archive/master.zip -O laravel--socialite.zip
https://github.com/gabrielrcouto/php-gui/archive/master.zip -O gabrielrcouto--php-gui.zip
https://github.com/etsy/phan/archive/master.zip -O etsy--phan.zip
https://github.com/opauth/opauth/archive/master.zip -O opauth--opauth.zip
https://github.com/ivanakimov/hashids.php/archive/master.zip -O ivanakimov--hashids.php.zip
https://github.com/drush-ops/drush/archive/master.zip -O drush-ops--drush.zip
https://github.com/themeskult/wp-svbtle/archive/master.zip -O themeskult--wp-svbtle.zip
https://github.com/ampache/ampache/archive/master.zip -O ampache--ampache.zip
https://github.com/sonata-project/SonataAdminBundle/archive/master.zip -O sonata-project--SonataAdminBundle.zip
https://github.com/FriendsOfSymfony/FOSRestBundle/archive/master.zip -O FriendsOfSymfony--FOSRestBundle.zip
https://github.com/jadjoubran/laravel5-angular-material-starter/archive/master.zip -O jadjoubran--laravel5-angular-material-starter.zip
https://github.com/fuel/fuel/archive/master.zip -O fuel--fuel.zip
https://github.com/esotalk/esoTalk/archive/master.zip -O esotalk--esoTalk.zip
https://github.com/320press/wordpress-bootstrap/archive/master.zip -O 320press--wordpress-bootstrap.zip
https://github.com/consolidation/Robo/archive/master.zip -O consolidation--Robo.zip
https://github.com/WebDevStudios/CMB2/archive/master.zip -O WebDevStudios--CMB2.zip
https://github.com/tennc/webshell/archive/master.zip -O tennc--webshell.zip
https://github.com/joshcam/PHP-MySQLi-Database-Class/archive/master.zip -O joshcam--PHP-MySQLi-Database-Class.zip
https://github.com/symfony/symfony-standard/archive/master.zip -O symfony--symfony-standard.zip
https://github.com/JosephLenton/PHP-Error/archive/master.zip -O JosephLenton--PHP-Error.zip
https://github.com/thephpleague/oauth2-client/archive/master.zip -O thephpleague--oauth2-client.zip
https://github.com/facebook/php-graph-sdk/archive/master.zip -O facebook--php-graph-sdk.zip
https://github.com/silexphp/Pimple/archive/master.zip -O silexphp--Pimple.zip
https://github.com/tencent-php/tsf/archive/master.zip -O tencent-php--tsf.zip
https://github.com/php-amqplib/php-amqplib/archive/master.zip -O php-amqplib--php-amqplib.zip
https://github.com/ci-bonfire/Bonfire/archive/master.zip -O ci-bonfire--Bonfire.zip
https://github.com/kakserpom/phpdaemon/archive/master.zip -O kakserpom--phpdaemon.zip
https://github.com/facebook/php-webdriver/archive/master.zip -O facebook--php-webdriver.zip
https://github.com/J7mbo/twitter-api-php/archive/master.zip -O J7mbo--twitter-api-php.zip
https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-php/archive/master.zip -O elastic--elasticsearch-php.zip
https://github.com/fruux/Baikal/archive/master.zip -O fruux--Baikal.zip
https://github.com/SSilence/selfoss/archive/master.zip -O SSilence--selfoss.zip
https://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/Sami/archive/master.zip -O FriendsOfPHP--Sami.zip
https://github.com/afragen/github-updater/archive/master.zip -O afragen--github-updater.zip
https://github.com/ruflin/Elastica/archive/master.zip -O ruflin--Elastica.zip
https://github.com/cviebrock/eloquent-sluggable/archive/master.zip -O cviebrock--eloquent-sluggable.zip
https://github.com/phpro/grumphp/archive/master.zip -O phpro--grumphp.zip
https://github.com/ApiGen/ApiGen/archive/master.zip -O ApiGen--ApiGen.zip
https://github.com/hwi/HWIOAuthBundle/archive/master.zip -O hwi--HWIOAuthBundle.zip
https://github.com/PHPSocialNetwork/phpfastcache/archive/master.zip -O PHPSocialNetwork--phpfastcache.zip
https://github.com/erikdubbelboer/phpRedisAdmin/archive/master.zip -O erikdubbelboer--phpRedisAdmin.zip
https://github.com/kriswallsmith/Buzz/archive/master.zip -O kriswallsmith--Buzz.zip
https://github.com/Zizaco/confide/archive/master.zip -O Zizaco--confide.zip
https://github.com/javiereguiluz/EasyAdminBundle/archive/master.zip -O javiereguiluz--EasyAdminBundle.zip
https://github.com/coduo/php-humanizer/archive/master.zip -O coduo--php-humanizer.zip
https://github.com/laracasts/Laravel-5-Generators-Extended/archive/master.zip -O laracasts--Laravel-5-Generators-Extended.zip
https://github.com/composer/satis/archive/master.zip -O composer--satis.zip
https://github.com/elliotcondon/acf/archive/master.zip -O elliotcondon--acf.zip
https://github.com/brandonsavage/Upload/archive/master.zip -O brandonsavage--Upload.zip
https://github.com/bartblaze/PHP-backdoors/archive/master.zip -O bartblaze--PHP-backdoors.zip
https://github.com/toddmotto/html5blank/archive/master.zip -O toddmotto--html5blank.zip
https://github.com/somerandomdude/Frank/archive/master.zip -O somerandomdude--Frank.zip
https://github.com/TGMPA/TGM-Plugin-Activation/archive/master.zip -O TGMPA--TGM-Plugin-Activation.zip
https://github.com/PHP-FFMpeg/PHP-FFMpeg/archive/master.zip -O PHP-FFMpeg--PHP-FFMpeg.zip
https://github.com/etrepat/baum/archive/master.zip -O etrepat--baum.zip
https://github.com/jpfuentes2/php-activerecord/archive/master.zip -O jpfuentes2--php-activerecord.zip
https://github.com/WPO-Foundation/webpagetest/archive/master.zip -O WPO-Foundation--webpagetest.zip
https://github.com/spatie/laravel-backup/archive/master.zip -O spatie--laravel-backup.zip
https://github.com/overtrue/pinyin/archive/master.zip -O overtrue--pinyin.zip
https://github.com/google/recaptcha/archive/master.zip -O google--recaptcha.zip
https://github.com/laravel-ardent/ardent/archive/master.zip -O laravel-ardent--ardent.zip
https://github.com/phpseclib/phpseclib/archive/master.zip -O phpseclib--phpseclib.zip
https://github.com/nategood/httpful/archive/master.zip -O nategood--httpful.zip
https://github.com/jenssegers/agent/archive/master.zip -O jenssegers--agent.zip
https://github.com/reduxframework/redux-framework/archive/master.zip -O reduxframework--redux-framework.zip
https://github.com/PocketMine/PocketMine-MP/archive/master.zip -O PocketMine--PocketMine-MP.zip
https://github.com/nette/nette/archive/master.zip -O nette--nette.zip
https://github.com/symfony/symfony-docs/archive/master.zip -O symfony--symfony-docs.zip
https://github.com/nelmio/alice/archive/master.zip -O nelmio--alice.zip
https://github.com/komarserjio/notejam/archive/master.zip -O komarserjio--notejam.zip
https://github.com/WhatCD/Gazelle/archive/master.zip -O WhatCD--Gazelle.zip
https://github.com/immobiliare/ApnsPHP/archive/master.zip -O immobiliare--ApnsPHP.zip
https://github.com/nelmio/NelmioApiDocBundle/archive/master.zip -O nelmio--NelmioApiDocBundle.zip
https://github.com/gabrielrcouto/php-terminal-gameboy-emulator/archive/master.zip -O gabrielrcouto--php-terminal-gameboy-emulator.zip
https://github.com/docker/labs/archive/master.zip -O docker--labs.zip
https://github.com/welaika/wordless/archive/master.zip -O welaika--wordless.zip
https://github.com/anandkunal/ToroPHP/archive/master.zip -O anandkunal--ToroPHP.zip
https://github.com/markjaquith/WP-Stack/archive/master.zip -O markjaquith--WP-Stack.zip
https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpcpd/archive/master.zip -O sebastianbergmann--phpcpd.zip
https://github.com/mautic/mautic/archive/master.zip -O mautic--mautic.zip
https://github.com/brianhaveri/Underscore.php/archive/master.zip -O brianhaveri--Underscore.php.zip
https://github.com/php-curl-class/php-curl-class/archive/master.zip -O php-curl-class--php-curl-class.zip
https://github.com/cydrobolt/polr/archive/master.zip -O cydrobolt--polr.zip
https://github.com/swoole/framework/archive/master.zip -O swoole--framework.zip
https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-php-driver-legacy/archive/master.zip -O mongodb--mongo-php-driver-legacy.zip
https://github.com/pfsense/pfsense/archive/master.zip -O pfsense--pfsense.zip
https://github.com/thephpleague/climate/archive/master.zip -O thephpleague--climate.zip
https://github.com/cosenary/Instagram-PHP-API/archive/master.zip -O cosenary--Instagram-PHP-API.zip
https://github.com/unicodeveloper/laravel-hackathon-starter/archive/master.zip -O unicodeveloper--laravel-hackathon-starter.zip
https://github.com/psecio/iniscan/archive/master.zip -O psecio--iniscan.zip
https://github.com/phpspec/phpspec/archive/master.zip -O phpspec--phpspec.zip
https://github.com/mcamara/laravel-localization/archive/master.zip -O mcamara--laravel-localization.zip
https://github.com/versionpress/versionpress/archive/master.zip -O versionpress--versionpress.zip
https://github.com/barryvdh/laravel-dompdf/archive/master.zip -O barryvdh--laravel-dompdf.zip
https://github.com/laracasts/PHP-Vars-To-Js-Transformer/archive/master.zip -O laracasts--PHP-Vars-To-Js-Transformer.zip
https://github.com/moneyphp/money/archive/master.zip -O moneyphp--money.zip
https://github.com/murtaugh/HTML5-Reset-WordPress-Theme/archive/master.zip -O murtaugh--HTML5-Reset-WordPress-Theme.zip
https://github.com/lixuancn/LaneWeChat/archive/master.zip -O lixuancn--LaneWeChat.zip
https://github.com/andersao/l5-repository/archive/master.zip -O andersao--l5-repository.zip
https://github.com/simplepie/simplepie/archive/master.zip -O simplepie--simplepie.zip
https://github.com/UnionOfRAD/lithium/archive/master.zip -O UnionOfRAD--lithium.zip
https://github.com/kolber/stacey/archive/master.zip -O kolber--stacey.zip
https://github.com/simplethemes/skeleton_wp/archive/master.zip -O simplethemes--skeleton_wp.zip
https://github.com/ccampbell/chromephp/archive/master.zip -O ccampbell--chromephp.zip
https://github.com/pda/pheanstalk/archive/master.zip -O pda--pheanstalk.zip
https://github.com/rlerdorf/php7dev/archive/master.zip -O rlerdorf--php7dev.zip
https://github.com/mhoofman/wordpress-heroku/archive/master.zip -O mhoofman--wordpress-heroku.zip
https://github.com/sculpin/sculpin/archive/master.zip -O sculpin--sculpin.zip
https://github.com/WhichBrowser/Parser/archive/master.zip -O WhichBrowser--Parser.zip
https://github.com/InfyOmLabs/laravel-generator/archive/master.zip -O InfyOmLabs--laravel-generator.zip
https://github.com/formers/former/archive/master.zip -O formers--former.zip
https://github.com/VentureCraft/revisionable/archive/master.zip -O VentureCraft--revisionable.zip
https://github.com/benkeen/generatedata/archive/master.zip -O benkeen--generatedata.zip
https://github.com/api-platform/api-platform/archive/master.zip -O api-platform--api-platform.zip
https://github.com/netz98/n98-magerun/archive/master.zip -O netz98--n98-magerun.zip
https://github.com/banago/PHPloy/archive/master.zip -O banago--PHPloy.zip
https://github.com/Crinsane/LaravelShoppingcart/archive/master.zip -O Crinsane--LaravelShoppingcart.zip
https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phploc/archive/master.zip -O sebastianbergmann--phploc.zip
https://github.com/eyecatchup/SEOstats/archive/master.zip -O eyecatchup--SEOstats.zip
https://github.com/backup-manager/backup-manager/archive/master.zip -O backup-manager--backup-manager.zip
https://github.com/PeeHaa/OpCacheGUI/archive/master.zip -O PeeHaa--OpCacheGUI.zip
https://github.com/laravel/cashier/archive/master.zip -O laravel--cashier.zip
https://github.com/jquery/testswarm/archive/master.zip -O jquery--testswarm.zip
https://github.com/brandonwamboldt/utilphp/archive/master.zip -O brandonwamboldt--utilphp.zip
https://github.com/thephpleague/csv/archive/master.zip -O thephpleague--csv.zip
https://github.com/yajra/laravel-datatables/archive/master.zip -O yajra--laravel-datatables.zip
https://github.com/corcel/corcel/archive/master.zip -O corcel--corcel.zip
https://github.com/Indatus/dispatcher/archive/master.zip -O Indatus--dispatcher.zip
https://github.com/barryvdh/laravel-cors/archive/master.zip -O barryvdh--laravel-cors.zip
https://github.com/lincanbin/Carbon-Forum/archive/master.zip -O lincanbin--Carbon-Forum.zip
https://github.com/Herzult/SimplePHPEasyPlus/archive/master.zip -O Herzult--SimplePHPEasyPlus.zip
https://github.com/star7th/showdoc/archive/master.zip -O star7th--showdoc.zip
https://github.com/lucb1e/cookielesscookies/archive/master.zip -O lucb1e--cookielesscookies.zip
https://github.com/ZoneMinder/ZoneMinder/archive/master.zip -O ZoneMinder--ZoneMinder.zip
https://github.com/xdebug/xdebug/archive/master.zip -O xdebug--xdebug.zip
https://github.com/itsgoingd/clockwork/archive/master.zip -O itsgoingd--clockwork.zip
https://github.com/s4n7h0/xvwa/archive/master.zip -O s4n7h0--xvwa.zip
https://github.com/romanbican/roles/archive/master.zip -O romanbican--roles.zip
https://github.com/cmgmyr/laravel-messenger/archive/master.zip -O cmgmyr--laravel-messenger.zip
https://github.com/ethicalhack3r/DVWA/archive/master.zip -O ethicalhack3r--DVWA.zip
https://github.com/stripe/stripe-php/archive/master.zip -O stripe--stripe-php.zip
https://github.com/panique/mini/archive/master.zip -O panique--mini.zip
https://github.com/j4mie/paris/archive/master.zip -O j4mie--paris.zip
https://github.com/mtdowling/cron-expression/archive/master.zip -O mtdowling--cron-expression.zip
https://github.com/defuse/php-encryption/archive/master.zip -O defuse--php-encryption.zip
https://github.com/KnpLabs/php-github-api/archive/master.zip -O KnpLabs--php-github-api.zip
https://github.com/beberlei/assert/archive/master.zip -O beberlei--assert.zip
https://github.com/atoum/atoum/archive/master.zip -O atoum--atoum.zip
https://github.com/Elgg/Elgg/archive/master.zip -O Elgg--Elgg.zip
https://github.com/forkcms/forkcms/archive/master.zip -O forkcms--forkcms.zip
https://github.com/serghey-rodin/vesta/archive/master.zip -O serghey-rodin--vesta.zip
https://github.com/box-project/box2/archive/master.zip -O box-project--box2.zip
https://github.com/Xethron/migrations-generator/archive/master.zip -O Xethron--migrations-generator.zip
https://github.com/Lusitanian/PHPoAuthLib/archive/master.zip -O Lusitanian--PHPoAuthLib.zip
https://github.com/phpbb/phpbb/archive/master.zip -O phpbb--phpbb.zip
https://github.com/jamierumbelow/codeigniter-base-model/archive/master.zip -O jamierumbelow--codeigniter-base-model.zip
https://github.com/zircote/swagger-php/archive/master.zip -O zircote--swagger-php.zip
https://github.com/paypal/PayPal-PHP-SDK/archive/master.zip -O paypal--PayPal-PHP-SDK.zip
https://github.com/there4/markdown-resume/archive/master.zip -O there4--markdown-resume.zip
https://github.com/icicleio/icicle/archive/master.zip -O icicleio--icicle.zip
https://github.com/masterexploder/PHPThumb/archive/master.zip -O masterexploder--PHPThumb.zip
https://github.com/antonioribeiro/tracker/archive/master.zip -O antonioribeiro--tracker.zip
https://github.com/BeatSwitch/lock/archive/master.zip -O BeatSwitch--lock.zip
https://github.com/mrakodol/Laravel-5-Bootstrap-3-Starter-Site/archive/master.zip -O mrakodol--Laravel-5-Bootstrap-3-Starter-Site.zip
https://github.com/tommcfarlin/WordPress-Widget-Boilerplate/archive/master.zip -O tommcfarlin--WordPress-Widget-Boilerplate.zip
https://github.com/spatie/laravel-medialibrary/archive/master.zip -O spatie--laravel-medialibrary.zip
https://github.com/phpmetrics/PhpMetrics/archive/master.zip -O phpmetrics--PhpMetrics.zip
https://github.com/lcobucci/jwt/archive/master.zip -O lcobucci--jwt.zip
https://github.com/dimsav/laravel-translatable/archive/master.zip -O dimsav--laravel-translatable.zip
https://github.com/cocur/slugify/archive/master.zip -O cocur--slugify.zip
https://github.com/php-ai/php-ml/archive/master.zip -O php-ai--php-ml.zip
https://github.com/oscarotero/Embed/archive/master.zip -O oscarotero--Embed.zip
https://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/pickle/archive/master.zip -O FriendsOfPHP--pickle.zip
https://github.com/plainmade/unmark/archive/master.zip -O plainmade--unmark.zip
https://github.com/leafo/scssphp/archive/master.zip -O leafo--scssphp.zip
https://github.com/propelorm/Propel2/archive/master.zip -O propelorm--Propel2.zip
https://github.com/thephpleague/glide/archive/master.zip -O thephpleague--glide.zip
https://github.com/bestmomo/laravel5-example/archive/master.zip -O bestmomo--laravel5-example.zip
https://github.com/dmolsen/Detector/archive/master.zip -O dmolsen--Detector.zip
https://github.com/laravelio/laravel.io/archive/master.zip -O laravelio--laravel.io.zip
https://github.com/ushahidi/Ushahidi_Web/archive/master.zip -O ushahidi--Ushahidi_Web.zip
https://github.com/illuminate/database/archive/master.zip -O illuminate--database.zip
https://github.com/goaop/framework/archive/master.zip -O goaop--framework.zip
https://github.com/barbushin/php-console/archive/master.zip -O barbushin--php-console.zip
https://github.com/Mashape/unirest-php/archive/master.zip -O Mashape--unirest-php.zip
https://github.com/CodepadME/laravel-tricks/archive/master.zip -O CodepadME--laravel-tricks.zip
https://github.com/bastianallgeier/kirbycms/archive/master.zip -O bastianallgeier--kirbycms.zip
https://github.com/cakephp/debug_kit/archive/master.zip -O cakephp--debug_kit.zip
https://github.com/hippyvm/hippyvm/archive/master.zip -O hippyvm--hippyvm.zip
https://github.com/VisualPHPUnit/VisualPHPUnit/archive/master.zip -O VisualPHPUnit--VisualPHPUnit.zip
https://github.com/ErikvdVen/php-gif/archive/master.zip -O ErikvdVen--php-gif.zip
https://github.com/padraic/humbug/archive/master.zip -O padraic--humbug.zip
https://github.com/themattharris/tmhOAuth/archive/master.zip -O themattharris--tmhOAuth.zip
https://github.com/austintoddj/canvas/archive/master.zip -O austintoddj--canvas.zip
https://github.com/PHP-DI/PHP-DI/archive/master.zip -O PHP-DI--PHP-DI.zip
https://github.com/mattpass/ICEcoder/archive/master.zip -O mattpass--ICEcoder.zip
https://github.com/rlerdorf/opcache-status/archive/master.zip -O rlerdorf--opcache-status.zip
https://github.com/marcoarment/secondcrack/archive/master.zip -O marcoarment--secondcrack.zip
https://github.com/gharlan/alfred-github-workflow/archive/master.zip -O gharlan--alfred-github-workflow.zip
https://github.com/tpyo/amazon-s3-php-class/archive/master.zip -O tpyo--amazon-s3-php-class.zip
https://github.com/kalcaddle/KODExplorer/archive/master.zip -O kalcaddle--KODExplorer.zip
https://github.com/andrew-worsfold/tailor/archive/master.zip -O andrew-worsfold--tailor.zip
https://github.com/drewm/mailchimp-api/archive/master.zip -O drewm--mailchimp-api.zip
https://github.com/Automattic/amp-wp/archive/master.zip -O Automattic--amp-wp.zip
https://github.com/ezyang/htmlpurifier/archive/master.zip -O ezyang--htmlpurifier.zip
https://github.com/Wisembly/elephant.io/archive/master.zip -O Wisembly--elephant.io.zip
https://github.com/laravel/envoy/archive/master.zip -O laravel--envoy.zip
https://github.com/smarty-php/smarty/archive/master.zip -O smarty-php--smarty.zip
https://github.com/doctrine/dbal/archive/master.zip -O doctrine--dbal.zip
https://github.com/rap2hpoutre/laravel-log-viewer/archive/master.zip -O rap2hpoutre--laravel-log-viewer.zip
https://github.com/laracasts/flash/archive/master.zip -O laracasts--flash.zip
https://github.com/nextcloud/server/archive/master.zip -O nextcloud--server.zip
https://github.com/meenie/munee/archive/master.zip -O meenie--munee.zip
https://github.com/iamcal/php-emoji/archive/master.zip -O iamcal--php-emoji.zip
https://github.com/sstalle/php7cc/archive/master.zip -O sstalle--php7cc.zip
https://github.com/mikelbring/tinyissue/archive/master.zip -O mikelbring--tinyissue.zip
https://github.com/propelorm/Propel/archive/master.zip -O propelorm--Propel.zip
https://github.com/hightman/scws/archive/master.zip -O hightman--scws.zip
https://github.com/cartalyst/sentinel/archive/master.zip -O cartalyst--sentinel.zip
https://github.com/GSA/data.gov/archive/master.zip -O GSA--data.gov.zip
https://github.com/fuzzdb-project/fuzzdb/archive/master.zip -O fuzzdb-project--fuzzdb.zip
https://github.com/WordPress-Coding-Standards/WordPress-Coding-Standards/archive/master.zip -O WordPress-Coding-Standards--WordPress-Coding-Standards.zip
https://github.com/scribu/wp-posts-to-posts/archive/master.zip -O scribu--wp-posts-to-posts.zip
https://github.com/datawrapper/datawrapper/archive/master.zip -O datawrapper--datawrapper.zip
https://github.com/reactjs/react-php-v8js/archive/master.zip -O reactjs--react-php-v8js.zip
https://github.com/composer/packagist/archive/master.zip -O composer--packagist.zip
https://github.com/yohang/Finite/archive/master.zip -O yohang--Finite.zip
https://github.com/osTicket/osTicket/archive/master.zip -O osTicket--osTicket.zip
https://github.com/modxcms/revolution/archive/master.zip -O modxcms--revolution.zip
https://github.com/neitanod/forceutf8/archive/master.zip -O neitanod--forceutf8.zip
https://github.com/phalcon/phalcon-devtools/archive/master.zip -O phalcon--phalcon-devtools.zip
https://github.com/Ph3nol/NotificationPusher/archive/master.zip -O Ph3nol--NotificationPusher.zip
https://github.com/gherkins/regexpbuilderphp/archive/master.zip -O gherkins--regexpbuilderphp.zip
https://github.com/drewsymo/Foundation/archive/master.zip -O drewsymo--Foundation.zip
https://github.com/lstrojny/functional-php/archive/master.zip -O lstrojny--functional-php.zip
https://github.com/daylightstudio/FUEL-CMS/archive/master.zip -O daylightstudio--FUEL-CMS.zip
https://github.com/markomarkovic/simple-php-git-deploy/archive/master.zip -O markomarkovic--simple-php-git-deploy.zip
https://github.com/nicolaslopezj/searchable/archive/master.zip -O nicolaslopezj--searchable.zip
https://github.com/devinsays/options-framework-plugin/archive/master.zip -O devinsays--options-framework-plugin.zip
https://github.com/Imangazaliev/DiDOM/archive/master.zip -O Imangazaliev--DiDOM.zip
https://github.com/thephpleague/skeleton/archive/master.zip -O thephpleague--skeleton.zip
https://github.com/phpspec/prophecy/archive/master.zip -O phpspec--prophecy.zip
https://github.com/qandidate-labs/broadway/archive/master.zip -O qandidate-labs--broadway.zip
https://github.com/rilwis/meta-box/archive/master.zip -O rilwis--meta-box.zip
https://github.com/tijsverkoyen/CssToInlineStyles/archive/master.zip -O tijsverkoyen--CssToInlineStyles.zip
https://github.com/ryancramerdesign/ProcessWire/archive/master.zip -O ryancramerdesign--ProcessWire.zip
https://github.com/box/spout/archive/master.zip -O box--spout.zip
https://github.com/davejamesmiller/laravel-breadcrumbs/archive/master.zip -O davejamesmiller--laravel-breadcrumbs.zip
https://github.com/FriendsOfSymfony/FOSJsRoutingBundle/archive/master.zip -O FriendsOfSymfony--FOSJsRoutingBundle.zip
https://github.com/croogo/croogo/archive/master.zip -O croogo--croogo.zip
https://github.com/justinrainbow/json-schema/archive/master.zip -O justinrainbow--json-schema.zip
https://github.com/LinkedDestiny/swoole-doc/archive/master.zip -O LinkedDestiny--swoole-doc.zip
https://github.com/Audi-1/sqli-labs/archive/master.zip -O Audi-1--sqli-labs.zip
https://github.com/MISP/MISP/archive/master.zip -O MISP--MISP.zip
https://github.com/twilio/twilio-php/archive/master.zip -O twilio--twilio-php.zip
https://github.com/kasperisager/php-dockerized/archive/master.zip -O kasperisager--php-dockerized.zip
https://github.com/thephpleague/commonmark/archive/master.zip -O thephpleague--commonmark.zip
https://github.com/minkphp/Mink/archive/master.zip -O minkphp--Mink.zip
https://github.com/Vuedo/vuedo/archive/master.zip -O Vuedo--vuedo.zip
https://github.com/stof/StofDoctrineExtensionsBundle/archive/master.zip -O stof--StofDoctrineExtensionsBundle.zip
https://github.com/appserver-io/appserver/archive/master.zip -O appserver-io--appserver.zip
https://github.com/q2a/question2answer/archive/master.zip -O q2a--question2answer.zip
https://github.com/wardrobecms/wardrobe/archive/master.zip -O wardrobecms--wardrobe.zip
https://github.com/LaravelCollective/html/archive/master.zip -O LaravelCollective--html.zip
https://github.com/fuel/core/archive/master.zip -O fuel--core.zip
https://github.com/artdarek/oauth-4-laravel/archive/master.zip -O artdarek--oauth-4-laravel.zip
https://github.com/spatie/laravel-analytics/archive/master.zip -O spatie--laravel-analytics.zip
https://github.com/owner888/phpspider/archive/master.zip -O owner888--phpspider.zip
https://github.com/vlucas/valitron/archive/master.zip -O vlucas--valitron.zip
https://github.com/adamfisk/LittleProxy/archive/master.zip -O adamfisk--LittleProxy.zip
https://github.com/aramk/crayon-syntax-highlighter/archive/master.zip -O aramk--crayon-syntax-highlighter.zip
https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-php-laravel/archive/master.zip -O aws--aws-sdk-php-laravel.zip
https://github.com/LiveHelperChat/livehelperchat/archive/master.zip -O LiveHelperChat--livehelperchat.zip
https://github.com/amazonwebservices/aws-sdk-for-php/archive/master.zip -O amazonwebservices--aws-sdk-for-php.zip
https://github.com/Payum/Payum/archive/master.zip -O Payum--Payum.zip
https://github.com/xtr4nge/FruityWifi/archive/master.zip -O xtr4nge--FruityWifi.zip
https://github.com/Trimidea/inews/archive/master.zip -O Trimidea--inews.zip
https://github.com/MPOS/php-mpos/archive/master.zip -O MPOS--php-mpos.zip
https://github.com/ipfspics/ipfspics-server/archive/master.zip -O ipfspics--ipfspics-server.zip
https://github.com/cobub/razor/archive/master.zip -O cobub--razor.zip
https://github.com/Sybio/ImageWorkshop/archive/master.zip -O Sybio--ImageWorkshop.zip
https://github.com/phpsysinfo/phpsysinfo/archive/master.zip -O phpsysinfo--phpsysinfo.zip
https://github.com/mikehaertl/phpwkhtmltopdf/archive/master.zip -O mikehaertl--phpwkhtmltopdf.zip
https://github.com/andryyy/mailcow/archive/master.zip -O andryyy--mailcow.zip
https://github.com/trntv/yii2-starter-kit/archive/master.zip -O trntv--yii2-starter-kit.zip
https://github.com/Datawalke/Coordino/archive/master.zip -O Datawalke--Coordino.zip
https://github.com/vrana/notorm/archive/master.zip -O vrana--notorm.zip
https://github.com/reactphp/promise/archive/master.zip -O reactphp--promise.zip
https://github.com/katzgrau/KLogger/archive/master.zip -O katzgrau--KLogger.zip
https://github.com/thephpleague/geotools/archive/master.zip -O thephpleague--geotools.zip
https://github.com/silexphp/Silex-Skeleton/archive/master.zip -O silexphp--Silex-Skeleton.zip
https://github.com/Wixel/GUMP/archive/master.zip -O Wixel--GUMP.zip
https://github.com/ilya-dev/belt/archive/master.zip -O ilya-dev--belt.zip
https://github.com/bobthecow/Ruler/archive/master.zip -O bobthecow--Ruler.zip
https://github.com/manifestinteractive/easyapns/archive/master.zip -O manifestinteractive--easyapns.zip
https://github.com/JohnTroony/php-webshells/archive/master.zip -O JohnTroony--php-webshells.zip
https://github.com/doubleleft/hook/archive/master.zip -O doubleleft--hook.zip
https://github.com/willdurand/Hateoas/archive/master.zip -O willdurand--Hateoas.zip
https://github.com/teamtnt/tntsearch/archive/master.zip -O teamtnt--tntsearch.zip
https://github.com/Yoast/wordpress-seo/archive/master.zip -O Yoast--wordpress-seo.zip
https://github.com/ParsePlatform/parse-php-sdk/archive/master.zip -O ParsePlatform--parse-php-sdk.zip
https://github.com/mjaschen/phpgeo/archive/master.zip -O mjaschen--phpgeo.zip
https://github.com/lazychaser/laravel-nestedset/archive/master.zip -O lazychaser--laravel-nestedset.zip
https://github.com/phingofficial/phing/archive/master.zip -O phingofficial--phing.zip
https://github.com/overtrue/laravel-wechat/archive/master.zip -O overtrue--laravel-wechat.zip
https://github.com/mikey179/vfsStream/archive/master.zip -O mikey179--vfsStream.zip
https://github.com/wikimedia/mediawiki/archive/master.zip -O wikimedia--mediawiki.zip
https://github.com/fruux/sabre-dav/archive/master.zip -O fruux--sabre-dav.zip
https://github.com/tedious/Stash/archive/master.zip -O tedious--Stash.zip
https://github.com/maknz/slack/archive/master.zip -O maknz--slack.zip
https://github.com/davibennun/laravel-push-notification/archive/master.zip -O davibennun--laravel-push-notification.zip
https://github.com/technosophos/querypath/archive/master.zip -O technosophos--querypath.zip
https://github.com/kraken-php/framework/archive/master.zip -O kraken-php--framework.zip
https://github.com/beberlei/DoctrineExtensions/archive/master.zip -O beberlei--DoctrineExtensions.zip
https://github.com/devinsays/options-framework-theme/archive/master.zip -O devinsays--options-framework-theme.zip
https://github.com/benbalter/wordpress-to-jekyll-exporter/archive/master.zip -O benbalter--wordpress-to-jekyll-exporter.zip
https://github.com/iwind/rockmongo/archive/master.zip -O iwind--rockmongo.zip
https://github.com/jmathai/epiphany/archive/master.zip -O jmathai--epiphany.zip
https://github.com/kohana/core/archive/master.zip -O kohana--core.zip
https://github.com/spatie/laravel-permission/archive/master.zip -O spatie--laravel-permission.zip
https://github.com/PHPGangsta/GoogleAuthenticator/archive/master.zip -O PHPGangsta--GoogleAuthenticator.zip
https://github.com/openid/php-openid/archive/master.zip -O openid--php-openid.zip
https://github.com/RoumenDamianoff/laravel-sitemap/archive/master.zip -O RoumenDamianoff--laravel-sitemap.zip
https://github.com/NeonHorizon/berryio/archive/master.zip -O NeonHorizon--berryio.zip
https://github.com/php-amqplib/RabbitMqBundle/archive/master.zip -O php-amqplib--RabbitMqBundle.zip
https://github.com/goodby/csv/archive/master.zip -O goodby--csv.zip
https://github.com/PHPixie/Project/archive/master.zip -O PHPixie--Project.zip
https://github.com/hightman/xunsearch/archive/master.zip -O hightman--xunsearch.zip
https://github.com/the-control-group/voyager/archive/master.zip -O the-control-group--voyager.zip
https://github.com/InvoicePlane/InvoicePlane/archive/master.zip -O InvoicePlane--InvoicePlane.zip
https://github.com/youzan/zan/archive/master.zip -O youzan--zan.zip
https://github.com/php-school/cli-menu/archive/master.zip -O php-school--cli-menu.zip
https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/money/archive/master.zip -O sebastianbergmann--money.zip
https://github.com/jenssegers/date/archive/master.zip -O jenssegers--date.zip
https://github.com/akalongman/php-telegram-bot/archive/master.zip -O akalongman--php-telegram-bot.zip
https://github.com/FriendsOfSymfony/FOSElasticaBundle/archive/master.zip -O FriendsOfSymfony--FOSElasticaBundle.zip
https://github.com/frapi/frapi/archive/master.zip -O frapi--frapi.zip
https://github.com/csscomb/csscomb/archive/master.zip -O csscomb--csscomb.zip
https://github.com/Xeoncross/micromvc/archive/master.zip -O Xeoncross--micromvc.zip
https://github.com/luofei614/SocketLog/archive/master.zip -O luofei614--SocketLog.zip
https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/php-code-coverage/archive/master.zip -O sebastianbergmann--php-code-coverage.zip
https://github.com/hzlzh/Alfred-Workflows/archive/master.zip -O hzlzh--Alfred-Workflows.zip
https://github.com/mgp25/Instagram-API/archive/master.zip -O mgp25--Instagram-API.zip
https://github.com/mitulgolakiya/laravel-api-generator/archive/master.zip -O mitulgolakiya--laravel-api-generator.zip
https://github.com/doctrine/mongodb-odm/archive/master.zip -O doctrine--mongodb-odm.zip
https://github.com/niklasvh/php.js/archive/master.zip -O niklasvh--php.js.zip
https://github.com/fennb/phirehose/archive/master.zip -O fennb--phirehose.zip
https://github.com/nette/tracy/archive/master.zip -O nette--tracy.zip
https://github.com/mantisbt/mantisbt/archive/master.zip -O mantisbt--mantisbt.zip
https://github.com/etsy/feature/archive/master.zip -O etsy--feature.zip
https://github.com/shaneharter/PHP-Daemon/archive/master.zip -O shaneharter--PHP-Daemon.zip
https://github.com/dustin10/VichUploaderBundle/archive/master.zip -O dustin10--VichUploaderBundle.zip
https://github.com/philsturgeon/codeigniter-restclient/archive/master.zip -O philsturgeon--codeigniter-restclient.zip
https://github.com/paulrobertlloyd/barebones/archive/master.zip -O paulrobertlloyd--barebones.zip
https://github.com/sofadesign/limonade/archive/master.zip -O sofadesign--limonade.zip
https://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/Sismo/archive/master.zip -O FriendsOfPHP--Sismo.zip
https://github.com/thelia/thelia/archive/master.zip -O thelia--thelia.zip
https://github.com/Anahkiasen/underscore-php/archive/master.zip -O Anahkiasen--underscore-php.zip
https://github.com/fxpio/composer-asset-plugin/archive/master.zip -O fxpio--composer-asset-plugin.zip
https://github.com/lyrixx/Silex-Kitchen-Edition/archive/master.zip -O lyrixx--Silex-Kitchen-Edition.zip
https://github.com/thiagoalessio/tesseract-ocr-for-php/archive/master.zip -O thiagoalessio--tesseract-ocr-for-php.zip
https://github.com/claviska/SimpleImage/archive/master.zip -O claviska--SimpleImage.zip
https://github.com/florianv/swap/archive/master.zip -O florianv--swap.zip
https://github.com/peej/tonic/archive/master.zip -O peej--tonic.zip
https://github.com/dwightwatson/validating/archive/master.zip -O dwightwatson--validating.zip
https://github.com/Ocramius/ProxyManager/archive/master.zip -O Ocramius--ProxyManager.zip
https://github.com/roots/soil/archive/master.zip -O roots--soil.zip
https://github.com/Froxlor/Froxlor/archive/master.zip -O Froxlor--Froxlor.zip
https://github.com/netputer/wechat-php-sdk/archive/master.zip -O netputer--wechat-php-sdk.zip
https://github.com/dektrium/yii2-user/archive/master.zip -O dektrium--yii2-user.zip
https://github.com/maxmind/GeoIP2-php/archive/master.zip -O maxmind--GeoIP2-php.zip
https://github.com/phpservermon/phpservermon/archive/master.zip -O phpservermon--phpservermon.zip
https://github.com/zencoder/html5-boilerplate-for-wordpress/archive/master.zip -O zencoder--html5-boilerplate-for-wordpress.zip
https://github.com/lavary/crunz/archive/master.zip -O lavary--crunz.zip
https://github.com/davzie/laravel-bootstrap/archive/master.zip -O davzie--laravel-bootstrap.zip
https://github.com/nikic/scalar_objects/archive/master.zip -O nikic--scalar_objects.zip
https://github.com/endroid/QrCode/archive/master.zip -O endroid--QrCode.zip
https://github.com/jolicode/JoliNotif/archive/master.zip -O jolicode--JoliNotif.zip
https://github.com/brianlmoon/GearmanManager/archive/master.zip -O brianlmoon--GearmanManager.zip
https://github.com/userfrosting/UserFrosting/archive/master.zip -O userfrosting--UserFrosting.zip
https://github.com/jublonet/codebird-php/archive/master.zip -O jublonet--codebird-php.zip
https://github.com/ThemeFuse/Unyson/archive/master.zip -O ThemeFuse--Unyson.zip
https://github.com/pydio/pydio-core/archive/master.zip -O pydio--pydio-core.zip
https://github.com/thephpleague/color-extractor/archive/master.zip -O thephpleague--color-extractor.zip
https://github.com/MrRio/shellwrap/archive/master.zip -O MrRio--shellwrap.zip
https://github.com/concrete5/concrete5-legacy/archive/master.zip -O concrete5--concrete5-legacy.zip
https://github.com/aristath/kirki/archive/master.zip -O aristath--kirki.zip
https://github.com/jwage/purl/archive/master.zip -O jwage--purl.zip
https://github.com/ngfw/Recipe/archive/master.zip -O ngfw--Recipe.zip
https://github.com/whiteoctober/Pagerfanta/archive/master.zip -O whiteoctober--Pagerfanta.zip
https://github.com/liip/LiipImagineBundle/archive/master.zip -O liip--LiipImagineBundle.zip
https://github.com/KnpLabs/KnpPaginatorBundle/archive/master.zip -O KnpLabs--KnpPaginatorBundle.zip
https://github.com/talyssonoc/react-laravel/archive/master.zip -O talyssonoc--react-laravel.zip
https://github.com/composer/installers/archive/master.zip -O composer--installers.zip
https://github.com/ircmaxell/PHPPHP/archive/master.zip -O ircmaxell--PHPPHP.zip
https://github.com/joomla/joomla-platform/archive/master.zip -O joomla--joomla-platform.zip
https://github.com/mattbanks/WordPress-Starter-Theme/archive/master.zip -O mattbanks--WordPress-Starter-Theme.zip
https://github.com/bernardphp/bernard/archive/master.zip -O bernardphp--bernard.zip
https://github.com/FriendsOfPHP/security-advisories/archive/master.zip -O FriendsOfPHP--security-advisories.zip
https://github.com/thephpleague/plates/archive/master.zip -O thephpleague--plates.zip
https://github.com/easychen/TeamToy/archive/master.zip -O easychen--TeamToy.zip
https://github.com/twilio/OpenVBX/archive/master.zip -O twilio--OpenVBX.zip
https://github.com/radishconcepts/WordPress-GitHub-Plugin-Updater/archive/master.zip -O radishconcepts--WordPress-GitHub-Plugin-Updater.zip
https://github.com/Postleaf/postleaf/archive/master.zip -O Postleaf--postleaf.zip
https://github.com/mvdbos/php-spider/archive/master.zip -O mvdbos--php-spider.zip
https://github.com/pimcore/pimcore/archive/master.zip -O pimcore--pimcore.zip
https://github.com/miniflux/miniflux/archive/master.zip -O miniflux--miniflux.zip
https://github.com/dannyvankooten/AltoRouter/archive/master.zip -O dannyvankooten--AltoRouter.zip
https://github.com/daylerees/scientist/archive/master.zip -O daylerees--scientist.zip
https://github.com/genemu/GenemuFormBundle/archive/master.zip -O genemu--GenemuFormBundle.zip
https://github.com/Obox/layerswp/archive/master.zip -O Obox--layerswp.zip
https://github.com/Dolibarr/dolibarr/archive/master.zip -O Dolibarr--dolibarr.zip
https://github.com/backdrop/backdrop/archive/master.zip -O backdrop--backdrop.zip
https://github.com/jolicode/JoliCi/archive/master.zip -O jolicode--JoliCi.zip
https://github.com/noahbuscher/Macaw/archive/master.zip -O noahbuscher--Macaw.zip
https://github.com/idno/Known/archive/master.zip -O idno--Known.zip
https://github.com/FriendsOfSymfony/FOSOAuthServerBundle/archive/master.zip -O FriendsOfSymfony--FOSOAuthServerBundle.zip
https://github.com/Automattic/jetpack/archive/master.zip -O Automattic--jetpack.zip
https://github.com/schmittjoh/JMSSerializerBundle/archive/master.zip -O schmittjoh--JMSSerializerBundle.zip
https://github.com/BrainBoxLabs/brain-socket/archive/master.zip -O BrainBoxLabs--brain-socket.zip
https://github.com/pods-framework/pods/archive/master.zip -O pods-framework--pods.zip
https://github.com/yccphp/laravel-5-blog/archive/master.zip -O yccphp--laravel-5-blog.zip
https://github.com/irazasyed/telegram-bot-sdk/archive/master.zip -O irazasyed--telegram-bot-sdk.zip
https://github.com/orangetw/My-CTF-Web-Challenges/archive/master.zip -O orangetw--My-CTF-Web-Challenges.zip
https://github.com/summerblue/phphub5/archive/master.zip -O summerblue--phphub5.zip
https://github.com/rcrowe/TwigBridge/archive/master.zip -O rcrowe--TwigBridge.zip
https://github.com/mewebstudio/captcha/archive/master.zip -O mewebstudio--captcha.zip
https://github.com/kriswallsmith/spork/archive/master.zip -O kriswallsmith--spork.zip
https://github.com/mpociot/laravel-apidoc-generator/archive/master.zip -O mpociot--laravel-apidoc-generator.zip
https://github.com/sendgrid/sendgrid-php/archive/master.zip -O sendgrid--sendgrid-php.zip
https://github.com/brunogaspar/laravel-starter-kit/archive/master.zip -O brunogaspar--laravel-starter-kit.zip
https://github.com/jmathai/twitter-async/archive/master.zip -O jmathai--twitter-async.zip
https://github.com/nfephp-org/nfephp/archive/master.zip -O nfephp-org--nfephp.zip
https://github.com/nilsteampassnet/TeamPass/archive/master.zip -O nilsteampassnet--TeamPass.zip
https://github.com/Yelp/yelp-api/archive/master.zip -O Yelp--yelp-api.zip
https://github.com/solariumphp/solarium/archive/master.zip -O solariumphp--solarium.zip
https://github.com/morrisonlevi/Ardent/archive/master.zip -O morrisonlevi--Ardent.zip
https://github.com/themsaid/laravel-langman/archive/master.zip -O themsaid--laravel-langman.zip
https://github.com/themosis/themosis/archive/master.zip -O themosis--themosis.zip
https://github.com/Overv/Open.GL/archive/master.zip -O Overv--Open.GL.zip
https://github.com/YABhq/Laracogs/archive/master.zip -O YABhq--Laracogs.zip
https://github.com/getherbert/herbert/archive/master.zip -O getherbert--herbert.zip
https://github.com/jeremeamia/super_closure/archive/master.zip -O jeremeamia--super_closure.zip
https://github.com/vinkla/laravel-hashids/archive/master.zip -O vinkla--laravel-hashids.zip
https://github.com/mauricesvay/php-facedetection/archive/master.zip -O mauricesvay--php-facedetection.zip
https://github.com/kahlan/kahlan/archive/master.zip -O kahlan--kahlan.zip
https://github.com/JBZoo/Utils/archive/master.zip -O JBZoo--Utils.zip
https://github.com/BenExile/Dropbox/archive/master.zip -O BenExile--Dropbox.zip
https://github.com/phansible/phansible/archive/master.zip -O phansible--phansible.zip
https://github.com/Respect/Rest/archive/master.zip -O Respect--Rest.zip
https://github.com/laravel/valet/archive/master.zip -O laravel--valet.zip
https://github.com/Sonerezh/sonerezh/archive/master.zip -O Sonerezh--sonerezh.zip
https://github.com/techcrunch/wp-async-task/archive/master.zip -O techcrunch--wp-async-task.zip
https://github.com/essence/essence/archive/master.zip -O essence--essence.zip
https://github.com/ovr/phpsa/archive/master.zip -O ovr--phpsa.zip
https://github.com/google/recki-ct/archive/master.zip -O google--recki-ct.zip
https://github.com/pmjones/adr/archive/master.zip -O pmjones--adr.zip
https://github.com/piwik/device-detector/archive/master.zip -O piwik--device-detector.zip
https://github.com/iamcal/oembed/archive/master.zip -O iamcal--oembed.zip
https://github.com/jenssegers/imagehash/archive/master.zip -O jenssegers--imagehash.zip
https://github.com/smalot/pdfparser/archive/master.zip -O smalot--pdfparser.zip
https://github.com/yupe/yupe/archive/master.zip -O yupe--yupe.zip
https://github.com/sjlu/CodeIgniter-Bootstrap/archive/master.zip -O sjlu--CodeIgniter-Bootstrap.zip
https://github.com/amphp/aerys/archive/master.zip -O amphp--aerys.zip
https://github.com/Hifone/Hifone/archive/master.zip -O Hifone--Hifone.zip
https://github.com/etsy/411/archive/master.zip -O etsy--411.zip
https://github.com/jonnnnyw/php-phantomjs/archive/master.zip -O jonnnnyw--php-phantomjs.zip
https://github.com/markrogoyski/math-php/archive/master.zip -O markrogoyski--math-php.zip
https://github.com/mdkholy/dashbrew/archive/master.zip -O mdkholy--dashbrew.zip
https://github.com/CoderKungfu/php-queue/archive/master.zip -O CoderKungfu--php-queue.zip
https://github.com/ZF-Commons/ZfcUser/archive/master.zip -O ZF-Commons--ZfcUser.zip
https://github.com/wimg/PHPCompatibility/archive/master.zip -O wimg--PHPCompatibility.zip
https://github.com/t0k4rt/phpqrcode/archive/master.zip -O t0k4rt--phpqrcode.zip
https://github.com/ircmaxell/RandomLib/archive/master.zip -O ircmaxell--RandomLib.zip
https://github.com/ant-vel/antVel/archive/master.zip -O ant-vel--antVel.zip
https://github.com/schmittjoh/serializer/archive/master.zip -O schmittjoh--serializer.zip
https://github.com/krakjoe/apcu/archive/master.zip -O krakjoe--apcu.zip
https://github.com/easydigitaldownloads/easy-digital-downloads/archive/master.zip -O easydigitaldownloads--easy-digital-downloads.zip
https://github.com/mattstauffer/Torch/archive/master.zip -O mattstauffer--Torch.zip
https://github.com/bueltge/WordPress-Admin-Style/archive/master.zip -O bueltge--WordPress-Admin-Style.zip
https://github.com/phalcon/incubator/archive/master.zip -O phalcon--incubator.zip
https://github.com/shopware/shopware/archive/master.zip -O shopware--shopware.zip
https://github.com/yandod/candycane/archive/master.zip -O yandod--candycane.zip
https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-framework/archive/master.zip -O silverstripe--silverstripe-framework.zip
https://github.com/barryvdh/laravel-translation-manager/archive/master.zip -O barryvdh--laravel-translation-manager.zip
https://github.com/barbushin/php-imap/archive/master.zip -O barbushin--php-imap.zip
https://github.com/SegmentFault/HyperDown/archive/master.zip -O SegmentFault--HyperDown.zip
https://github.com/jadell/neo4jphp/archive/master.zip -O jadell--neo4jphp.zip
https://github.com/snc/SncRedisBundle/archive/master.zip -O snc--SncRedisBundle.zip
https://github.com/paquettg/php-html-parser/archive/master.zip -O paquettg--php-html-parser.zip
https://github.com/Neeke/SeasLog/archive/master.zip -O Neeke--SeasLog.zip
https://github.com/librenms/librenms/archive/master.zip -O librenms--librenms.zip
https://github.com/lexik/LexikJWTAuthenticationBundle/archive/master.zip -O lexik--LexikJWTAuthenticationBundle.zip
https://github.com/leemason/NHP-Theme-Options-Framework/archive/master.zip -O leemason--NHP-Theme-Options-Framework.zip
https://github.com/Pr0x13/iDict/archive/master.zip -O Pr0x13--iDict.zip
https://github.com/KnpLabs/KnpSnappyBundle/archive/master.zip -O KnpLabs--KnpSnappyBundle.zip
https://github.com/yiisoft/yii2-app-advanced/archive/master.zip -O yiisoft--yii2-app-advanced.zip
https://github.com/contao/core/archive/master.zip -O contao--core.zip
https://github.com/hprose/hprose-php/archive/master.zip -O hprose--hprose-php.zip
https://github.com/laravel/lumen-framework/archive/master.zip -O laravel--lumen-framework.zip
https://github.com/CodeSleeve/asset-pipeline/archive/master.zip -O CodeSleeve--asset-pipeline.zip
https://github.com/easychen/LazyPHP/archive/master.zip -O easychen--LazyPHP.zip
https://github.com/sebsauvage/Shaarli/archive/master.zip -O sebsauvage--Shaarli.zip
https://github.com/RSS-Bridge/rss-bridge/archive/master.zip -O RSS-Bridge--rss-bridge.zip
https://github.com/KnpLabs/KnpMenuBundle/archive/master.zip -O KnpLabs--KnpMenuBundle.zip
https://github.com/QafooLabs/php-refactoring-browser/archive/master.zip -O QafooLabs--php-refactoring-browser.zip
https://github.com/PANmedia/raptor-editor/archive/master.zip -O PANmedia--raptor-editor.zip
https://github.com/gimler/symfony-rest-edition/archive/master.zip -O gimler--symfony-rest-edition.zip
https://github.com/orocrm/crm-application/archive/master.zip -O orocrm--crm-application.zip
https://github.com/kristijanhusak/laravel-form-builder/archive/master.zip -O kristijanhusak--laravel-form-builder.zip
https://github.com/peteboere/css-crush/archive/master.zip -O peteboere--css-crush.zip
https://github.com/1N3/Sn1per/archive/master.zip -O 1N3--Sn1per.zip
https://github.com/mevdschee/php-crud-api/archive/master.zip -O mevdschee--php-crud-api.zip
https://github.com/andres-montanez/Magallanes/archive/master.zip -O andres-montanez--Magallanes.zip
https://github.com/revive-adserver/revive-adserver/archive/master.zip -O revive-adserver--revive-adserver.zip
https://github.com/hechoendrupal/DrupalConsole/archive/master.zip -O hechoendrupal--DrupalConsole.zip
https://github.com/Cilex/Cilex/archive/master.zip -O Cilex--Cilex.zip
https://github.com/elementary/website/archive/master.zip -O elementary--website.zip
https://github.com/patricktalmadge/bootstrapper/archive/master.zip -O patricktalmadge--bootstrapper.zip
https://github.com/mdmsoft/yii2-admin/archive/master.zip -O mdmsoft--yii2-admin.zip
https://github.com/phpfunct/funct/archive/master.zip -O phpfunct--funct.zip
https://github.com/studio24/wordpress-multi-env-config/archive/master.zip -O studio24--wordpress-multi-env-config.zip
https://github.com/jenssegers/optimus/archive/master.zip -O jenssegers--optimus.zip
https://github.com/bcit-ci/CodeIgniter4/archive/master.zip -O bcit-ci--CodeIgniter4.zip
https://github.com/symphonycms/symphony-2/archive/master.zip -O symphonycms--symphony-2.zip
https://github.com/cashmusic/platform/archive/master.zip -O cashmusic--platform.zip
https://github.com/MenaraSolutions/geographer/archive/master.zip -O MenaraSolutions--geographer.zip
https://github.com/Codeception/AspectMock/archive/master.zip -O Codeception--AspectMock.zip
https://github.com/justintadlock/hybrid-core/archive/master.zip -O justintadlock--hybrid-core.zip
https://github.com/CodeSleeve/stapler/archive/master.zip -O CodeSleeve--stapler.zip
https://github.com/orangehill/iseed/archive/master.zip -O orangehill--iseed.zip
https://github.com/nikic/iter/archive/master.zip -O nikic--iter.zip
https://github.com/johnbillion/query-monitor/archive/master.zip -O johnbillion--query-monitor.zip
https://github.com/codeguy/Slim-Extras/archive/master.zip -O codeguy--Slim-Extras.zip
https://github.com/ddeboer/data-import/archive/master.zip -O ddeboer--data-import.zip
https://github.com/bshaffer/oauth2-demo-php/archive/master.zip -O bshaffer--oauth2-demo-php.zip
https://github.com/sdebacker/TypiCMS/archive/master.zip -O sdebacker--TypiCMS.zip
https://github.com/fex-team/fis-plus/archive/master.zip -O fex-team--fis-plus.zip
https://github.com/wealthbot-io/wealthbot/archive/master.zip -O wealthbot-io--wealthbot.zip
https://github.com/jarektkaczyk/eloquence/archive/master.zip -O jarektkaczyk--eloquence.zip
https://github.com/K-S-V/Scripts/archive/master.zip -O K-S-V--Scripts.zip
https://github.com/twigphp/Twig-extensions/archive/master.zip -O twigphp--Twig-extensions.zip
https://github.com/edvinaskrucas/notification/archive/master.zip -O edvinaskrucas--notification.zip
https://github.com/jobbyphp/jobby/archive/master.zip -O jobbyphp--jobby.zip
https://github.com/slimphp/Slim-Skeleton/archive/master.zip -O slimphp--Slim-Skeleton.zip
https://github.com/laravel-auto-presenter/laravel-auto-presenter/archive/master.zip -O laravel-auto-presenter--laravel-auto-presenter.zip
https://github.com/syamilmj/Options-Framework/archive/master.zip -O syamilmj--Options-Framework.zip
https://github.com/jbroadway/urlify/archive/master.zip -O jbroadway--urlify.zip
https://github.com/ghedipunk/PHP-Websockets/archive/master.zip -O ghedipunk--PHP-Websockets.zip
https://github.com/Kunena/Kunena-Forum/archive/master.zip -O Kunena--Kunena-Forum.zip
https://github.com/igorw/evenement/archive/master.zip -O igorw--evenement.zip
https://github.com/LimeSurvey/LimeSurvey/archive/master.zip -O LimeSurvey--LimeSurvey.zip
https://github.com/dreamfactorysoftware/dreamfactory/archive/master.zip -O dreamfactorysoftware--dreamfactory.zip
https://github.com/kbjr/Git.php/archive/master.zip -O kbjr--Git.php.zip
https://github.com/summerblue/laravel5-cheatsheet/archive/master.zip -O summerblue--laravel5-cheatsheet.zip
https://github.com/Gregwar/Image/archive/master.zip -O Gregwar--Image.zip
https://github.com/thenbsp/wechat/archive/master.zip -O thenbsp--wechat.zip
https://github.com/PHPIDS/PHPIDS/archive/master.zip -O PHPIDS--PHPIDS.zip
https://github.com/opulencephp/Opulence/archive/master.zip -O opulencephp--Opulence.zip
https://github.com/wsdl2phpgenerator/wsdl2phpgenerator/archive/master.zip -O wsdl2phpgenerator--wsdl2phpgenerator.zip
https://github.com/hjue/JustWriting/archive/master.zip -O hjue--JustWriting.zip
https://github.com/PHPOffice/PHPPresentation/archive/master.zip -O PHPOffice--PHPPresentation.zip
https://github.com/Retina-Images/Retina-Images/archive/master.zip -O Retina-Images--Retina-Images.zip
https://github.com/googleinurl/SCANNER-INURLBR/archive/master.zip -O googleinurl--SCANNER-INURLBR.zip
https://github.com/giorgiosironi/phpunit-selenium/archive/master.zip -O giorgiosironi--phpunit-selenium.zip
https://github.com/paragonie/halite/archive/master.zip -O paragonie--halite.zip
https://github.com/tecnickcom/TCPDF/archive/master.zip -O tecnickcom--TCPDF.zip
https://github.com/envms/fluentpdo/archive/master.zip -O envms--fluentpdo.zip
https://github.com/volio/AnotherLive/archive/master.zip -O volio--AnotherLive.zip
https://github.com/Pawka/phrozn/archive/master.zip -O Pawka--phrozn.zip
https://github.com/josegonzalez/cakephp-upload/archive/master.zip -O josegonzalez--cakephp-upload.zip
https://github.com/webtechnick/CakePHP-Facebook-Plugin/archive/master.zip -O webtechnick--CakePHP-Facebook-Plugin.zip
https://github.com/CouscousPHP/Couscous/archive/master.zip -O CouscousPHP--Couscous.zip
https://github.com/osclass/Osclass/archive/master.zip -O osclass--Osclass.zip
https://github.com/davemo/end-to-end-with-angularjs/archive/master.zip -O davemo--end-to-end-with-angularjs.zip
https://github.com/thephpleague/html-to-markdown/archive/master.zip -O thephpleague--html-to-markdown.zip
https://github.com/bixuehujin/blink/archive/master.zip -O bixuehujin--blink.zip
https://github.com/tightenco/jigsaw/archive/master.zip -O tightenco--jigsaw.zip
https://github.com/Automattic/facebook-instant-articles-wp/archive/master.zip -O Automattic--facebook-instant-articles-wp.zip
https://github.com/php-vcr/php-vcr/archive/master.zip -O php-vcr--php-vcr.zip
https://github.com/graulund/tweetnest/archive/master.zip -O graulund--tweetnest.zip
https://github.com/etsy/morgue/archive/master.zip -O etsy--morgue.zip
https://github.com/phayes/geoPHP/archive/master.zip -O phayes--geoPHP.zip
https://github.com/jaysalvat/image2css/archive/master.zip -O jaysalvat--image2css.zip
https://github.com/rinvex/country/archive/master.zip -O rinvex--country.zip
https://github.com/kodeine/laravel-acl/archive/master.zip -O kodeine--laravel-acl.zip
https://github.com/chrisbjr/api-guard/archive/master.zip -O chrisbjr--api-guard.zip
https://github.com/phalcon/mvc/archive/master.zip -O phalcon--mvc.zip
https://github.com/tightenco/mailthief/archive/master.zip -O tightenco--mailthief.zip
https://github.com/schmittjoh/php-option/archive/master.zip -O schmittjoh--php-option.zip
https://github.com/seblucas/cops/archive/master.zip -O seblucas--cops.zip
https://github.com/wp-cli/php-cli-tools/archive/master.zip -O wp-cli--php-cli-tools.zip
https://github.com/webonyx/graphql-php/archive/master.zip -O webonyx--graphql-php.zip
https://github.com/victorstanciu/Wikitten/archive/master.zip -O victorstanciu--Wikitten.zip
https://github.com/danpros/htmly/archive/master.zip -O danpros--htmly.zip
https://github.com/valendesigns/option-tree/archive/master.zip -O valendesigns--option-tree.zip
https://github.com/noodlehaus/dispatch/archive/master.zip -O noodlehaus--dispatch.zip
https://github.com/ruckus/ruckusing-migrations/archive/master.zip -O ruckus--ruckusing-migrations.zip
https://github.com/cweiske/jsonmapper/archive/master.zip -O cweiske--jsonmapper.zip
https://github.com/indieteq/indieteq-php-my-sql-pdo-database-class/archive/master.zip -O indieteq--indieteq-php-my-sql-pdo-database-class.zip
https://github.com/spatie/dashboard.spatie.be/archive/master.zip -O spatie--dashboard.spatie.be.zip
https://github.com/Pomax/bezierinfo/archive/master.zip -O Pomax--bezierinfo.zip
https://github.com/chrisboulton/php-diff/archive/master.zip -O chrisboulton--php-diff.zip
https://github.com/everzet/jade.php/archive/master.zip -O everzet--jade.php.zip
https://github.com/franzliedke/studio/archive/master.zip -O franzliedke--studio.zip
https://github.com/allynbauer/statuspanic/archive/master.zip -O allynbauer--statuspanic.zip
https://github.com/mailgun/mailgun-php/archive/master.zip -O mailgun--mailgun-php.zip
https://github.com/DevGroup-ru/dotplant2/archive/master.zip -O DevGroup-ru--dotplant2.zip
https://github.com/noumo/easyii/archive/master.zip -O noumo--easyii.zip
https://github.com/gantry/gantry5/archive/master.zip -O gantry--gantry5.zip
https://github.com/emuravjev/mdash/archive/master.zip -O emuravjev--mdash.zip
https://github.com/patrikf/glip/archive/master.zip -O patrikf--glip.zip
https://github.com/Roave/SecurityAdvisories/archive/master.zip -O Roave--SecurityAdvisories.zip
https://github.com/sensiolabs-de/deptrac/archive/master.zip -O sensiolabs-de--deptrac.zip
https://github.com/WhiteHouse/fb_messenger_bot/archive/master.zip -O WhiteHouse--fb_messenger_bot.zip
https://github.com/simshaun/recurr/archive/master.zip -O simshaun--recurr.zip
https://github.com/TidalLabs/Slacker/archive/master.zip -O TidalLabs--Slacker.zip
https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-php/archive/master.zip -O getsentry--sentry-php.zip
https://github.com/clue/graph-composer/archive/master.zip -O clue--graph-composer.zip
https://github.com/zfcampus/zf-apigility-skeleton/archive/master.zip -O zfcampus--zf-apigility-skeleton.zip
https://github.com/Bee-Lab/bowerphp/archive/master.zip -O Bee-Lab--bowerphp.zip
https://github.com/microweber/microweber/archive/master.zip -O microweber--microweber.zip
https://github.com/walkor/phpsocket.io/archive/master.zip -O walkor--phpsocket.io.zip
https://github.com/spatie/activitylog/archive/master.zip -O spatie--activitylog.zip
https://github.com/nexcess/magento-turpentine/archive/master.zip -O nexcess--magento-turpentine.zip
https://github.com/citelao/Spotify-for-Alfred/archive/master.zip -O citelao--Spotify-for-Alfred.zip
https://github.com/iliaal/php_excel/archive/master.zip -O iliaal--php_excel.zip
https://github.com/CodeSleeve/laravel-stapler/archive/master.zip -O CodeSleeve--laravel-stapler.zip
https://github.com/igorw/retry/archive/master.zip -O igorw--retry.zip
https://github.com/greggilbert/recaptcha/archive/master.zip -O greggilbert--recaptcha.zip
https://github.com/virtphp/virtphp/archive/master.zip -O virtphp--virtphp.zip
https://github.com/matthiasmullie/minify/archive/master.zip -O matthiasmullie--minify.zip
https://github.com/FreshRSS/FreshRSS/archive/master.zip -O FreshRSS--FreshRSS.zip
https://github.com/drupal-composer/drupal-project/archive/master.zip -O drupal-composer--drupal-project.zip
https://github.com/sebastianfeldmann/phpbu/archive/master.zip -O sebastianfeldmann--phpbu.zip
https://github.com/mpociot/teamwork/archive/master.zip -O mpociot--teamwork.zip
https://github.com/thephpleague/shunt/archive/master.zip -O thephpleague--shunt.zip
https://github.com/zendframework/zend-expressive/archive/master.zip -O zendframework--zend-expressive.zip
https://github.com/lavary/laravel-menu/archive/master.zip -O lavary--laravel-menu.zip
https://github.com/TankAuth/Tank-Auth/archive/master.zip -O TankAuth--Tank-Auth.zip
https://github.com/elcodi/elcodi/archive/master.zip -O elcodi--elcodi.zip
https://github.com/barryvdh/laravel-snappy/archive/master.zip -O barryvdh--laravel-snappy.zip
https://github.com/KnpLabs/DoctrineBehaviors/archive/master.zip -O KnpLabs--DoctrineBehaviors.zip
https://github.com/artesaos/seotools/archive/master.zip -O artesaos--seotools.zip
https://github.com/zynga/zperfmon/archive/master.zip -O zynga--zperfmon.zip
https://github.com/salesagility/SuiteCRM/archive/master.zip -O salesagility--SuiteCRM.zip
https://github.com/spatie/laravel-activitylog/archive/master.zip -O spatie--laravel-activitylog.zip
https://github.com/AlloVince/EvaThumber/archive/master.zip -O AlloVince--EvaThumber.zip
https://github.com/MiniCodeMonkey/Vagrant-LAMP-Stack/archive/master.zip -O MiniCodeMonkey--Vagrant-LAMP-Stack.zip
https://github.com/Flar49/passionate-programmer-translation/archive/master.zip -O Flar49--passionate-programmer-translation.zip
https://github.com/allegro/php-protobuf/archive/master.zip -O allegro--php-protobuf.zip
https://github.com/commerceguys/addressing/archive/master.zip -O commerceguys--addressing.zip
https://github.com/humanmade/Custom-Meta-Boxes/archive/master.zip -O humanmade--Custom-Meta-Boxes.zip
https://github.com/rinvex/repository/archive/master.zip -O rinvex--repository.zip
https://github.com/dmstr/yii2-adminlte-asset/archive/master.zip -O dmstr--yii2-adminlte-asset.zip
https://github.com/tedious/JShrink/archive/master.zip -O tedious--JShrink.zip
https://github.com/briancray/PHP-URL-Shortener/archive/master.zip -O briancray--PHP-URL-Shortener.zip
https://github.com/sulu/sulu-standard/archive/master.zip -O sulu--sulu-standard.zip
https://github.com/wordplate/wordplate/archive/master.zip -O wordplate--wordplate.zip
https://github.com/mysql-workbench-schema-exporter/mysql-workbench-schema-exporter/archive/master.zip -O mysql-workbench-schema-exporter--mysql-workbench-schema-exporter.zip
https://github.com/jockchou/gitblog/archive/master.zip -O jockchou--gitblog.zip
https://github.com/craue/CraueFormFlowBundle/archive/master.zip -O craue--CraueFormFlowBundle.zip
https://github.com/teepluss/laravel-theme/archive/master.zip -O teepluss--laravel-theme.zip
https://github.com/paulund/wordpress-theme-customizer-custom-controls/archive/master.zip -O paulund--wordpress-theme-customizer-custom-controls.zip
https://github.com/YahnisElsts/plugin-update-checker/archive/master.zip -O YahnisElsts--plugin-update-checker.zip
https://github.com/ARCANEDEV/LogViewer/archive/master.zip -O ARCANEDEV--LogViewer.zip
https://github.com/hassankhan/config/archive/master.zip -O hassankhan--config.zip
https://github.com/feelinglucky/php-readability/archive/master.zip -O feelinglucky--php-readability.zip
https://github.com/NauxLiu/phphub-server/archive/master.zip -O NauxLiu--phphub-server.zip
https://github.com/trippo/ResponsiveFilemanager/archive/master.zip -O trippo--ResponsiveFilemanager.zip
https://github.com/natsu90/dial2verify-twilio/archive/master.zip -O natsu90--dial2verify-twilio.zip
https://github.com/appzcoder/crud-generator/archive/master.zip -O appzcoder--crud-generator.zip
https://github.com/tschoffelen/PHP-PKPass/archive/master.zip -O tschoffelen--PHP-PKPass.zip
https://github.com/Automattic/WP-Job-Manager/archive/master.zip -O Automattic--WP-Job-Manager.zip
https://github.com/impresspages/ImpressPages/archive/master.zip -O impresspages--ImpressPages.zip
https://github.com/Automattic/developer/archive/master.zip -O Automattic--developer.zip
https://github.com/rgrove/jsmin-php/archive/master.zip -O rgrove--jsmin-php.zip
https://github.com/puli/repository/archive/master.zip -O puli--repository.zip
https://github.com/beberlei/litecqrs-php/archive/master.zip -O beberlei--litecqrs-php.zip
https://github.com/sendya/shadowsocks-panel/archive/master.zip -O sendya--shadowsocks-panel.zip
https://github.com/sektioneins/pcc/archive/master.zip -O sektioneins--pcc.zip
https://github.com/pingpong-labs/modules/archive/master.zip -O pingpong-labs--modules.zip
https://github.com/oscarotero/psr7-middlewares/archive/master.zip -O oscarotero--psr7-middlewares.zip
https://github.com/antonioribeiro/google2fa/archive/master.zip -O antonioribeiro--google2fa.zip
https://github.com/KnpLabs/KnpMenu/archive/master.zip -O KnpLabs--KnpMenu.zip
https://github.com/Program-O/Program-O/archive/master.zip -O Program-O--Program-O.zip
https://github.com/tylerhall/simple-php-framework/archive/master.zip -O tylerhall--simple-php-framework.zip
https://github.com/bosnadev/repository/archive/master.zip -O bosnadev--repository.zip
https://github.com/gliderlabs/herokuish/archive/master.zip -O gliderlabs--herokuish.zip
https://github.com/lastguest/pixeler/archive/master.zip -O lastguest--pixeler.zip
https://github.com/qieangel2013/zys/archive/master.zip -O qieangel2013--zys.zip
https://github.com/laracasts/Integrated/archive/master.zip -O laracasts--Integrated.zip
https://github.com/raulfraile/ladybug/archive/master.zip -O raulfraile--ladybug.zip
https://github.com/Taskulu/deskulu/archive/master.zip -O Taskulu--deskulu.zip
https://github.com/Gregwar/Captcha/archive/master.zip -O Gregwar--Captcha.zip
https://github.com/PhalconEye/phalconeye/archive/master.zip -O PhalconEye--phalconeye.zip
https://github.com/Exeu/apai-io/archive/master.zip -O Exeu--apai-io.zip
https://github.com/GrahamCampbell/Laravel-Markdown/archive/master.zip -O GrahamCampbell--Laravel-Markdown.zip
https://github.com/bastianallgeier/gantti/archive/master.zip -O bastianallgeier--gantti.zip
https://github.com/clickalicious/phpMemAdmin/archive/master.zip -O clickalicious--phpMemAdmin.zip
https://github.com/mpdf/mpdf/archive/master.zip -O mpdf--mpdf.zip
https://github.com/farinspace/wpalchemy/archive/master.zip -O farinspace--wpalchemy.zip
https://github.com/nategood/commando/archive/master.zip -O nategood--commando.zip
https://github.com/gajus/xhprof.io/archive/master.zip -O gajus--xhprof.io.zip
https://github.com/ktamas77/firebase-php/archive/master.zip -O ktamas77--firebase-php.zip
https://github.com/ronanguilloux/IsoCodes/archive/master.zip -O ronanguilloux--IsoCodes.zip
https://github.com/Alexia/php7mar/archive/master.zip -O Alexia--php7mar.zip
https://github.com/orocrm/platform/archive/master.zip -O orocrm--platform.zip
https://github.com/Themekraft/_tk/archive/master.zip -O Themekraft--_tk.zip
https://github.com/monstra-cms/monstra/archive/master.zip -O monstra-cms--monstra.zip
https://github.com/facebookarchive/wordpress/archive/master.zip -O facebookarchive--wordpress.zip
https://github.com/culttt/cribbb/archive/master.zip -O culttt--cribbb.zip
https://github.com/tombenner/wp-mvc/archive/master.zip -O tombenner--wp-mvc.zip
https://github.com/varspool/Wrench/archive/master.zip -O varspool--Wrench.zip
https://github.com/phpbench/phpbench/archive/master.zip -O phpbench--phpbench.zip
https://github.com/phacility/arcanist/archive/master.zip -O phacility--arcanist.zip
https://github.com/simplethings/EntityAudit/archive/master.zip -O simplethings--EntityAudit.zip
