https://github.com/joelmoss/strano/archive/master.zip -O joelmoss--strano.zip
https://github.com/ConradIrwin/pry-rescue/archive/master.zip -O ConradIrwin--pry-rescue.zip
https://github.com/rubycas/rubycas-server/archive/master.zip -O rubycas--rubycas-server.zip
https://github.com/mattsears/nyan-cat-formatter/archive/master.zip -O mattsears--nyan-cat-formatter.zip
https://github.com/mbleigh/subdomain-fu/archive/master.zip -O mbleigh--subdomain-fu.zip
https://github.com/celluloid/reel/archive/master.zip -O celluloid--reel.zip
https://github.com/unused/airstream/archive/master.zip -O unused--airstream.zip
https://github.com/elixir-lang/vim-elixir/archive/master.zip -O elixir-lang--vim-elixir.zip
https://github.com/rodjek/puppet-lint/archive/master.zip -O rodjek--puppet-lint.zip
https://github.com/toolmantim/bananajour/archive/master.zip -O toolmantim--bananajour.zip
https://github.com/maxdemarzi/neography/archive/master.zip -O maxdemarzi--neography.zip
https://github.com/floere/phony/archive/master.zip -O floere--phony.zip
https://github.com/cmer/socialization/archive/master.zip -O cmer--socialization.zip
https://github.com/jwhitehorn/pi_piper/archive/master.zip -O jwhitehorn--pi_piper.zip
https://github.com/tilo/smarter_csv/archive/master.zip -O tilo--smarter_csv.zip
https://github.com/gitlabhq/gitlab-recipes/archive/master.zip -O gitlabhq--gitlab-recipes.zip
https://github.com/rgrove/larch/archive/master.zip -O rgrove--larch.zip
https://github.com/cardmagic/classifier/archive/master.zip -O cardmagic--classifier.zip
https://github.com/peterc/whatlanguage/archive/master.zip -O peterc--whatlanguage.zip
https://github.com/binarylogic/authlogic_example/archive/master.zip -O binarylogic--authlogic_example.zip
https://github.com/chaps-io/access-granted/archive/master.zip -O chaps-io--access-granted.zip
https://github.com/ErwinM/acts_as_tenant/archive/master.zip -O ErwinM--acts_as_tenant.zip
https://github.com/flavorjones/loofah/archive/master.zip -O flavorjones--loofah.zip
https://github.com/nixme/pry-debugger/archive/master.zip -O nixme--pry-debugger.zip
https://github.com/metaskills/less-rails-bootstrap/archive/master.zip -O metaskills--less-rails-bootstrap.zip
https://github.com/lian/bitcoin-ruby/archive/master.zip -O lian--bitcoin-ruby.zip
https://github.com/maxlapshin/mysql2postgres/archive/master.zip -O maxlapshin--mysql2postgres.zip
https://github.com/mperham/girl_friday/archive/master.zip -O mperham--girl_friday.zip
https://github.com/DockYard/postgres_ext/archive/master.zip -O DockYard--postgres_ext.zip
https://github.com/schneems/sextant/archive/master.zip -O schneems--sextant.zip
https://github.com/rubyworks/facets/archive/master.zip -O rubyworks--facets.zip
https://github.com/amatsuda/active_decorator/archive/master.zip -O amatsuda--active_decorator.zip
https://github.com/puppetlabs/r10k/archive/master.zip -O puppetlabs--r10k.zip
https://github.com/ruby-amqp/amqp/archive/master.zip -O ruby-amqp--amqp.zip
https://github.com/inket/update_xcode_plugins/archive/master.zip -O inket--update_xcode_plugins.zip
https://github.com/caskroom/homebrew-fonts/archive/master.zip -O caskroom--homebrew-fonts.zip
https://github.com/chaps-io/gush/archive/master.zip -O chaps-io--gush.zip
https://github.com/FooBarWidget/default_value_for/archive/master.zip -O FooBarWidget--default_value_for.zip
https://github.com/ari/jobsworth/archive/master.zip -O ari--jobsworth.zip
https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-dupes/archive/master.zip -O Homebrew--homebrew-dupes.zip
https://github.com/carsonmcdonald/HTTP-Live-Video-Stream-Segmenter-and-Distributor/archive/master.zip -O carsonmcdonald--HTTP-Live-Video-Stream-Segmenter-and-Distributor.zip
https://github.com/thirtysixthspan/descriptive_statistics/archive/master.zip -O thirtysixthspan--descriptive_statistics.zip
https://github.com/waynehoover/s3_direct_upload/archive/master.zip -O waynehoover--s3_direct_upload.zip
https://github.com/andymeneely/squib/archive/master.zip -O andymeneely--squib.zip
https://github.com/colinta/motion-xray/archive/master.zip -O colinta--motion-xray.zip
https://github.com/chrislloyd/gravtastic/archive/master.zip -O chrislloyd--gravtastic.zip
https://github.com/Crowdtilt/CrowdtiltOpen/archive/master.zip -O Crowdtilt--CrowdtiltOpen.zip
https://github.com/sup-heliotrope/sup/archive/master.zip -O sup-heliotrope--sup.zip
https://github.com/Fudge/gltail/archive/master.zip -O Fudge--gltail.zip
https://github.com/jakesgordon/sprite-factory/archive/master.zip -O jakesgordon--sprite-factory.zip
https://github.com/rtomayko/replicate/archive/master.zip -O rtomayko--replicate.zip
https://github.com/thestorefront/FastAPI/archive/master.zip -O thestorefront--FastAPI.zip
https://github.com/codetriage/codetriage/archive/master.zip -O codetriage--codetriage.zip
https://github.com/jscruggs/metric_fu/archive/master.zip -O jscruggs--metric_fu.zip
https://github.com/thuss/standalone-migrations/archive/master.zip -O thuss--standalone-migrations.zip
https://github.com/grosser/smusher/archive/master.zip -O grosser--smusher.zip
https://github.com/peterkeen/dokuen/archive/master.zip -O peterkeen--dokuen.zip
https://github.com/oauth-xx/oauth-ruby/archive/master.zip -O oauth-xx--oauth-ruby.zip
https://github.com/zetachang/react.rb/archive/master.zip -O zetachang--react.rb.zip
https://github.com/copiousfreetime/launchy/archive/master.zip -O copiousfreetime--launchy.zip
https://github.com/cjheath/geoip/archive/master.zip -O cjheath--geoip.zip
https://github.com/19wu/19wu/archive/master.zip -O 19wu--19wu.zip
https://github.com/atmos/heaven/archive/master.zip -O atmos--heaven.zip
https://github.com/gocardless/hutch/archive/master.zip -O gocardless--hutch.zip
https://github.com/remore/burn/archive/master.zip -O remore--burn.zip
https://github.com/flyerhzm/switch_user/archive/master.zip -O flyerhzm--switch_user.zip
https://github.com/alsmola/nopassword/archive/master.zip -O alsmola--nopassword.zip
https://github.com/zendesk/curly/archive/master.zip -O zendesk--curly.zip
https://github.com/chef/vagrant-omnibus/archive/master.zip -O chef--vagrant-omnibus.zip
https://github.com/mattt/rack-core-data/archive/master.zip -O mattt--rack-core-data.zip
https://github.com/toretore/barby/archive/master.zip -O toretore--barby.zip
https://github.com/ledermann/rails-settings/archive/master.zip -O ledermann--rails-settings.zip
https://github.com/stevenbristol/lovd-by-less/archive/master.zip -O stevenbristol--lovd-by-less.zip
https://github.com/camping/camping/archive/master.zip -O camping--camping.zip
https://github.com/composite-primary-keys/composite_primary_keys/archive/master.zip -O composite-primary-keys--composite_primary_keys.zip
https://github.com/piotrmurach/finite_machine/archive/master.zip -O piotrmurach--finite_machine.zip
https://github.com/nov/rack-oauth2/archive/master.zip -O nov--rack-oauth2.zip
https://github.com/markbates/configatron/archive/master.zip -O markbates--configatron.zip
https://github.com/pauldowman/gitmodel/archive/master.zip -O pauldowman--gitmodel.zip
https://github.com/westonplatter/phashion/archive/master.zip -O westonplatter--phashion.zip
https://github.com/openstreetmap/openstreetmap-website/archive/master.zip -O openstreetmap--openstreetmap-website.zip
https://github.com/pitr/angular-rails-templates/archive/master.zip -O pitr--angular-rails-templates.zip
https://github.com/kennethkalmer/daemon-kit/archive/master.zip -O kennethkalmer--daemon-kit.zip
https://github.com/jeremytregunna/ruby-trello/archive/master.zip -O jeremytregunna--ruby-trello.zip
https://github.com/tobmatth/rack-ssl-enforcer/archive/master.zip -O tobmatth--rack-ssl-enforcer.zip
https://github.com/iain/http_accept_language/archive/master.zip -O iain--http_accept_language.zip
https://github.com/Nerian/bootstrap-datepicker-rails/archive/master.zip -O Nerian--bootstrap-datepicker-rails.zip
https://github.com/applidium/Cracking-Siri/archive/master.zip -O applidium--Cracking-Siri.zip
https://github.com/utgarda/sidekiq-status/archive/master.zip -O utgarda--sidekiq-status.zip
https://github.com/kschiess/parslet/archive/master.zip -O kschiess--parslet.zip
https://github.com/MadRabbit/ruby-fighter/archive/master.zip -O MadRabbit--ruby-fighter.zip
https://github.com/salsify/goldiloader/archive/master.zip -O salsify--goldiloader.zip
https://github.com/documentcloud/documentcloud/archive/master.zip -O documentcloud--documentcloud.zip
https://github.com/RISCfuture/dropbox/archive/master.zip -O RISCfuture--dropbox.zip
https://github.com/jpoz/APNS/archive/master.zip -O jpoz--APNS.zip
https://github.com/adhearsion/blather/archive/master.zip -O adhearsion--blather.zip
https://github.com/k0kubun/hamlit/archive/master.zip -O k0kubun--hamlit.zip
https://github.com/nahi/httpclient/archive/master.zip -O nahi--httpclient.zip
https://github.com/ankane/the-ultimate-guide-to-ruby-timeouts/archive/master.zip -O ankane--the-ultimate-guide-to-ruby-timeouts.zip
https://github.com/k0kubun/md2key/archive/master.zip -O k0kubun--md2key.zip
https://github.com/rails/rails/archive/master.zip -O rails--rails.zip
https://github.com/Homebrew/legacy-homebrew/archive/master.zip -O Homebrew--legacy-homebrew.zip
https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll/archive/master.zip -O jekyll--jekyll.zip
https://github.com/discourse/discourse/archive/master.zip -O discourse--discourse.zip
https://github.com/gitlabhq/gitlabhq/archive/master.zip -O gitlabhq--gitlabhq.zip
https://github.com/plataformatec/devise/archive/master.zip -O plataformatec--devise.zip
https://github.com/cantino/huginn/archive/master.zip -O cantino--huginn.zip
https://github.com/mitchellh/vagrant/archive/master.zip -O mitchellh--vagrant.zip
https://github.com/fastlane/fastlane/archive/master.zip -O fastlane--fastlane.zip
https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap-sass/archive/master.zip -O twbs--bootstrap-sass.zip
https://github.com/diaspora/diaspora/archive/master.zip -O diaspora--diaspora.zip
https://github.com/ruby/ruby/archive/master.zip -O ruby--ruby.zip
https://github.com/Thibaut/devdocs/archive/master.zip -O Thibaut--devdocs.zip
https://github.com/caskroom/homebrew-cask/archive/master.zip -O caskroom--homebrew-cask.zip
https://github.com/imathis/octopress/archive/master.zip -O imathis--octopress.zip
https://github.com/capistrano/capistrano/archive/master.zip -O capistrano--capistrano.zip
https://github.com/sass/sass/archive/master.zip -O sass--sass.zip
https://github.com/CocoaPods/CocoaPods/archive/master.zip -O CocoaPods--CocoaPods.zip
https://github.com/kilimchoi/engineering-blogs/archive/master.zip -O kilimchoi--engineering-blogs.zip
https://github.com/sinatra/sinatra/archive/master.zip -O sinatra--sinatra.zip
https://github.com/jondot/awesome-react-native/archive/master.zip -O jondot--awesome-react-native.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/paperclip/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--paperclip.zip
https://github.com/spree/spree/archive/master.zip -O spree--spree.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/bourbon/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--bourbon.zip
https://github.com/ruby-grape/grape/archive/master.zip -O ruby-grape--grape.zip
https://github.com/resque/resque/archive/master.zip -O resque--resque.zip
https://github.com/jnicklas/capybara/archive/master.zip -O jnicklas--capybara.zip
https://github.com/jordansissel/fpm/archive/master.zip -O jordansissel--fpm.zip
https://github.com/carrierwaveuploader/carrierwave/archive/master.zip -O carrierwaveuploader--carrierwave.zip
https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework/archive/master.zip -O rapid7--metasploit-framework.zip
https://github.com/activeadmin/activeadmin/archive/master.zip -O activeadmin--activeadmin.zip
https://github.com/bbatsov/rubocop/archive/master.zip -O bbatsov--rubocop.zip
https://github.com/mperham/sidekiq/archive/master.zip -O mperham--sidekiq.zip
https://github.com/javan/whenever/archive/master.zip -O javan--whenever.zip
https://github.com/elastic/logstash/archive/master.zip -O elastic--logstash.zip
https://github.com/plataformatec/simple_form/archive/master.zip -O plataformatec--simple_form.zip
https://github.com/sferik/rails_admin/archive/master.zip -O sferik--rails_admin.zip
https://github.com/ryanb/cancan/archive/master.zip -O ryanb--cancan.zip
https://github.com/amatsuda/kaminari/archive/master.zip -O amatsuda--kaminari.zip
https://github.com/omniauth/omniauth/archive/master.zip -O omniauth--omniauth.zip
https://github.com/charliesome/better_errors/archive/master.zip -O charliesome--better_errors.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/guides/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--guides.zip
https://github.com/tmuxinator/tmuxinator/archive/master.zip -O tmuxinator--tmuxinator.zip
https://github.com/mame/quine-relay/archive/master.zip -O mame--quine-relay.zip
https://github.com/progit/progit/archive/master.zip -O progit--progit.zip
https://github.com/middleman/middleman/archive/master.zip -O middleman--middleman.zip
https://github.com/guard/guard/archive/master.zip -O guard--guard.zip
https://github.com/rails-api/rails-api/archive/master.zip -O rails-api--rails-api.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/factory_girl/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--factory_girl.zip
https://github.com/skwp/dotfiles/archive/master.zip -O skwp--dotfiles.zip
https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber-ruby/archive/master.zip -O cucumber--cucumber-ruby.zip
https://github.com/Shopify/liquid/archive/master.zip -O Shopify--liquid.zip
https://github.com/justinfrench/formtastic/archive/master.zip -O justinfrench--formtastic.zip
https://github.com/mislav/will_paginate/archive/master.zip -O mislav--will_paginate.zip
https://github.com/Tim9Liu9/TimLiu-iOS/archive/master.zip -O Tim9Liu9--TimLiu-iOS.zip
https://github.com/venmo/synx/archive/master.zip -O venmo--synx.zip
https://github.com/elabs/pundit/archive/master.zip -O elabs--pundit.zip
https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/archive/master.zip -O fluent--fluentd.zip
https://github.com/chef/chef/archive/master.zip -O chef--chef.zip
https://github.com/square/maximum-awesome/archive/master.zip -O square--maximum-awesome.zip
https://github.com/stympy/faker/archive/master.zip -O stympy--faker.zip
https://github.com/puma/puma/archive/master.zip -O puma--puma.zip
https://github.com/pry/pry/archive/master.zip -O pry--pry.zip
https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/archive/master.zip -O Homebrew--brew.zip
https://github.com/flyerhzm/bullet/archive/master.zip -O flyerhzm--bullet.zip
https://github.com/airblade/paper_trail/archive/master.zip -O airblade--paper_trail.zip
https://github.com/norman/friendly_id/archive/master.zip -O norman--friendly_id.zip
https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet/archive/master.zip -O puppetlabs--puppet.zip
https://github.com/alexreisner/geocoder/archive/master.zip -O alexreisner--geocoder.zip
https://github.com/github/linguist/archive/master.zip -O github--linguist.zip
https://github.com/slim-template/slim/archive/master.zip -O slim-template--slim.zip
https://github.com/ddollar/foreman/archive/master.zip -O ddollar--foreman.zip
https://github.com/nomad/shenzhen/archive/master.zip -O nomad--shenzhen.zip
https://github.com/fog/fog/archive/master.zip -O fog--fog.zip
https://github.com/binarylogic/authlogic/archive/master.zip -O binarylogic--authlogic.zip
https://github.com/backup/backup/archive/master.zip -O backup--backup.zip
https://github.com/kneath/kss/archive/master.zip -O kneath--kss.zip
https://github.com/sferik/t/archive/master.zip -O sferik--t.zip
https://github.com/drapergem/draper/archive/master.zip -O drapergem--draper.zip
https://github.com/jnunemaker/httparty/archive/master.zip -O jnunemaker--httparty.zip
https://github.com/mbleigh/acts-as-taggable-on/archive/master.zip -O mbleigh--acts-as-taggable-on.zip
https://github.com/rails-api/active_model_serializers/archive/master.zip -O rails-api--active_model_serializers.zip
https://github.com/outpunk/evil-icons/archive/master.zip -O outpunk--evil-icons.zip
https://github.com/presidentbeef/brakeman/archive/master.zip -O presidentbeef--brakeman.zip
https://github.com/BBC-News/wraith/archive/master.zip -O BBC-News--wraith.zip
https://github.com/sferik/twitter/archive/master.zip -O sferik--twitter.zip
https://github.com/github/scientist/archive/master.zip -O github--scientist.zip
https://github.com/realm/jazzy/archive/master.zip -O realm--jazzy.zip
https://github.com/mroth/lolcommits/archive/master.zip -O mroth--lolcommits.zip
https://github.com/bkeepers/dotenv/archive/master.zip -O bkeepers--dotenv.zip
https://github.com/rest-client/rest-client/archive/master.zip -O rest-client--rest-client.zip
https://github.com/bundler/bundler/archive/master.zip -O bundler--bundler.zip
https://github.com/sj26/mailcatcher/archive/master.zip -O sj26--mailcatcher.zip
https://github.com/errbit/errbit/archive/master.zip -O errbit--errbit.zip
https://github.com/pluginaweek/state_machine/archive/master.zip -O pluginaweek--state_machine.zip
https://github.com/github/markup/archive/master.zip -O github--markup.zip
https://github.com/erikhuda/thor/archive/master.zip -O erikhuda--thor.zip
https://github.com/activemerchant/active_merchant/archive/master.zip -O activemerchant--active_merchant.zip
https://github.com/eventmachine/eventmachine/archive/master.zip -O eventmachine--eventmachine.zip
https://github.com/mongodb/mongoid/archive/master.zip -O mongodb--mongoid.zip
https://github.com/nesquena/rabl/archive/master.zip -O nesquena--rabl.zip
https://github.com/celluloid/celluloid/archive/master.zip -O celluloid--celluloid.zip
https://github.com/refinery/refinerycms/archive/master.zip -O refinery--refinerycms.zip
https://github.com/trogdoro/xiki/archive/master.zip -O trogdoro--xiki.zip
https://github.com/opal/opal/archive/master.zip -O opal--opal.zip
https://github.com/hanami/hanami/archive/master.zip -O hanami--hanami.zip
https://github.com/JuanitoFatas/fast-ruby/archive/master.zip -O JuanitoFatas--fast-ruby.zip
https://github.com/soffes/sstoolkit/archive/master.zip -O soffes--sstoolkit.zip
https://github.com/lostisland/faraday/archive/master.zip -O lostisland--faraday.zip
https://github.com/mina-deploy/mina/archive/master.zip -O mina-deploy--mina.zip
https://github.com/voltrb/volt/archive/master.zip -O voltrb--volt.zip
https://github.com/ryanb/ruby-warrior/archive/master.zip -O ryanb--ruby-warrior.zip
https://github.com/solnic/virtus/archive/master.zip -O solnic--virtus.zip
https://github.com/doorkeeper-gem/doorkeeper/archive/master.zip -O doorkeeper-gem--doorkeeper.zip
https://github.com/prawnpdf/prawn/archive/master.zip -O prawnpdf--prawn.zip
https://github.com/ruby-concurrency/concurrent-ruby/archive/master.zip -O ruby-concurrency--concurrent-ruby.zip
https://github.com/sparklemotion/mechanize/archive/master.zip -O sparklemotion--mechanize.zip
https://github.com/railsbp/rails_best_practices/archive/master.zip -O railsbp--rails_best_practices.zip
https://github.com/vcr/vcr/archive/master.zip -O vcr--vcr.zip
https://github.com/CanCanCommunity/cancancan/archive/master.zip -O CanCanCommunity--cancancan.zip
https://github.com/plusjade/jekyll-bootstrap/archive/master.zip -O plusjade--jekyll-bootstrap.zip
https://github.com/ankane/searchkick/archive/master.zip -O ankane--searchkick.zip
https://github.com/defunkt/dotjs/archive/master.zip -O defunkt--dotjs.zip
https://github.com/arsduo/koala/archive/master.zip -O arsduo--koala.zip
https://github.com/willianjusten/awesome-svg/archive/master.zip -O willianjusten--awesome-svg.zip
https://github.com/rspec/rspec-rails/archive/master.zip -O rspec--rspec-rails.zip
https://github.com/haml/haml/archive/master.zip -O haml--haml.zip
https://github.com/lockitron/selfstarter/archive/master.zip -O lockitron--selfstarter.zip
https://github.com/FontCustom/fontcustom/archive/master.zip -O FontCustom--fontcustom.zip
https://github.com/RailsApps/rails-composer/archive/master.zip -O RailsApps--rails-composer.zip
https://github.com/activerecord-hackery/ransack/archive/master.zip -O activerecord-hackery--ransack.zip
https://github.com/rack/rack/archive/master.zip -O rack--rack.zip
https://github.com/zmoazeni/csscss/archive/master.zip -O zmoazeni--csscss.zip
https://github.com/typhoeus/typhoeus/archive/master.zip -O typhoeus--typhoeus.zip
https://github.com/awesome-print/awesome_print/archive/master.zip -O awesome-print--awesome_print.zip
https://github.com/padrino/padrino-framework/archive/master.zip -O padrino--padrino-framework.zip
https://github.com/layervault/psd.rb/archive/master.zip -O layervault--psd.rb.zip
https://github.com/jeremyevans/sequel/archive/master.zip -O jeremyevans--sequel.zip
https://github.com/laserlemon/figaro/archive/master.zip -O laserlemon--figaro.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/administrate/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--administrate.zip
https://github.com/svenfuchs/rails-i18n/archive/master.zip -O svenfuchs--rails-i18n.zip
https://github.com/kickstarter/rack-attack/archive/master.zip -O kickstarter--rack-attack.zip
https://github.com/fatfreecrm/fat_free_crm/archive/master.zip -O fatfreecrm--fat_free_crm.zip
https://github.com/colszowka/simplecov/archive/master.zip -O colszowka--simplecov.zip
https://github.com/aanand/git-up/archive/master.zip -O aanand--git-up.zip
https://github.com/rails/jbuilder/archive/master.zip -O rails--jbuilder.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/suspenders/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--suspenders.zip
https://github.com/play/play/archive/master.zip -O play--play.zip
https://github.com/redis/redis-rb/archive/master.zip -O redis--redis-rb.zip
https://github.com/dejan/rails_panel/archive/master.zip -O dejan--rails_panel.zip
https://github.com/apotonick/cells/archive/master.zip -O apotonick--cells.zip
https://github.com/jruby/jruby/archive/master.zip -O jruby--jruby.zip
https://github.com/skywinder/github-changelog-generator/archive/master.zip -O skywinder--github-changelog-generator.zip
https://github.com/nomad/cupertino/archive/master.zip -O nomad--cupertino.zip
https://github.com/rubinius/rubinius/archive/master.zip -O rubinius--rubinius.zip
https://github.com/petergoldstein/dalli/archive/master.zip -O petergoldstein--dalli.zip
https://github.com/mojombo/chronic/archive/master.zip -O mojombo--chronic.zip
https://github.com/mikel/mail/archive/master.zip -O mikel--mail.zip
https://github.com/josevalim/inherited_resources/archive/master.zip -O josevalim--inherited_resources.zip
https://github.com/brigade/scss-lint/archive/master.zip -O brigade--scss-lint.zip
https://github.com/github/janky/archive/master.zip -O github--janky.zip
https://github.com/aasm/aasm/archive/master.zip -O aasm--aasm.zip
https://github.com/swanson/stringer/archive/master.zip -O swanson--stringer.zip
https://github.com/pilu/web-app-theme/archive/master.zip -O pilu--web-app-theme.zip
https://github.com/peek/peek/archive/master.zip -O peek--peek.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/clearance/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--clearance.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/high_voltage/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--high_voltage.zip
https://github.com/boxen/our-boxen/archive/master.zip -O boxen--our-boxen.zip
https://github.com/sagivo/algorithms/archive/master.zip -O sagivo--algorithms.zip
https://github.com/sensu/sensu/archive/master.zip -O sensu--sensu.zip
https://github.com/NoamB/sorcery/archive/master.zip -O NoamB--sorcery.zip
https://github.com/exercism/exercism.io/archive/master.zip -O exercism--exercism.io.zip
https://github.com/octokit/octokit.rb/archive/master.zip -O octokit--octokit.rb.zip
https://github.com/Linuxbrew/legacy-linuxbrew/archive/master.zip -O Linuxbrew--legacy-linuxbrew.zip
https://github.com/edavis10/redmine/archive/master.zip -O edavis10--redmine.zip
https://github.com/ryanb/letter_opener/archive/master.zip -O ryanb--letter_opener.zip
https://github.com/oa414/objc-zen-book-cn/archive/master.zip -O oa414--objc-zen-book-cn.zip
https://github.com/github/gemoji/archive/master.zip -O github--gemoji.zip
https://github.com/eddiezane/lunchy/archive/master.zip -O eddiezane--lunchy.zip
https://github.com/postrank-labs/goliath/archive/master.zip -O postrank-labs--goliath.zip
https://github.com/pickhardt/betty/archive/master.zip -O pickhardt--betty.zip
https://github.com/ctran/annotate_models/archive/master.zip -O ctran--annotate_models.zip
https://github.com/bblimke/webmock/archive/master.zip -O bblimke--webmock.zip
https://github.com/defunkt/gist/archive/master.zip -O defunkt--gist.zip
https://github.com/grosser/parallel/archive/master.zip -O grosser--parallel.zip
https://github.com/objc-zen/objc-zen-book/archive/master.zip -O objc-zen--objc-zen-book.zip
https://github.com/mustache/mustache/archive/master.zip -O mustache--mustache.zip
https://github.com/activerecord-hackery/squeel/archive/master.zip -O activerecord-hackery--squeel.zip
https://github.com/refile/refile/archive/master.zip -O refile--refile.zip
https://github.com/pdfkit/pdfkit/archive/master.zip -O pdfkit--pdfkit.zip
https://github.com/sketchplugins/plugin-directory/archive/master.zip -O sketchplugins--plugin-directory.zip
https://github.com/stefankroes/ancestry/archive/master.zip -O stefankroes--ancestry.zip
https://github.com/chaps-io/public_activity/archive/master.zip -O chaps-io--public_activity.zip
https://github.com/teampoltergeist/poltergeist/archive/master.zip -O teampoltergeist--poltergeist.zip
https://github.com/gazay/gon/archive/master.zip -O gazay--gon.zip
https://github.com/travisjeffery/timecop/archive/master.zip -O travisjeffery--timecop.zip
https://github.com/DavyJonesLocker/client_side_validations/archive/master.zip -O DavyJonesLocker--client_side_validations.zip
https://github.com/mitchellh/vagrant-aws/archive/master.zip -O mitchellh--vagrant-aws.zip
https://github.com/nomad/houston/archive/master.zip -O nomad--houston.zip
https://github.com/rails/spring/archive/master.zip -O rails--spring.zip
https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-php/archive/master.zip -O Homebrew--homebrew-php.zip
https://github.com/troessner/reek/archive/master.zip -O troessner--reek.zip
https://github.com/nathanvda/cocoon/archive/master.zip -O nathanvda--cocoon.zip
https://github.com/plamoni/SiriProxy/archive/master.zip -O plamoni--SiriProxy.zip
https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-ruby/archive/master.zip -O aws--aws-sdk-ruby.zip
https://github.com/locomotivecms/engine/archive/master.zip -O locomotivecms--engine.zip
https://github.com/mileszs/wicked_pdf/archive/master.zip -O mileszs--wicked_pdf.zip
https://github.com/redmine/redmine/archive/master.zip -O redmine--redmine.zip
https://github.com/intridea/hashie/archive/master.zip -O intridea--hashie.zip
https://github.com/deivid-rodriguez/byebug/archive/master.zip -O deivid-rodriguez--byebug.zip
https://github.com/tobi/delayed_job/archive/master.zip -O tobi--delayed_job.zip
https://github.com/shakacode/react_on_rails/archive/master.zip -O shakacode--react_on_rails.zip
https://github.com/wvanbergen/request-log-analyzer/archive/master.zip -O wvanbergen--request-log-analyzer.zip
https://github.com/ptwobrussell/Mining-the-Social-Web-2nd-Edition/archive/master.zip -O ptwobrussell--Mining-the-Social-Web-2nd-Edition.zip
https://github.com/ryanb/nifty-generators/archive/master.zip -O ryanb--nifty-generators.zip
https://github.com/franzejr/best-ruby/archive/master.zip -O franzejr--best-ruby.zip
https://github.com/comfy/comfortable-mexican-sofa/archive/master.zip -O comfy--comfortable-mexican-sofa.zip
https://github.com/supermarin/xcpretty/archive/master.zip -O supermarin--xcpretty.zip
https://github.com/seattlerb/minitest/archive/master.zip -O seattlerb--minitest.zip
https://github.com/mislav/git-deploy/archive/master.zip -O mislav--git-deploy.zip
https://github.com/fetlife/rollout/archive/master.zip -O fetlife--rollout.zip
https://github.com/trailblazer/trailblazer/archive/master.zip -O trailblazer--trailblazer.zip
https://github.com/wpscanteam/wpscan/archive/master.zip -O wpscanteam--wpscan.zip
https://github.com/mojombo/god/archive/master.zip -O mojombo--god.zip
https://github.com/twitter/secureheaders/archive/master.zip -O twitter--secureheaders.zip
https://github.com/kanwei/algorithms/archive/master.zip -O kanwei--algorithms.zip
https://github.com/ankane/groupdate/archive/master.zip -O ankane--groupdate.zip
https://github.com/markevans/dragonfly/archive/master.zip -O markevans--dragonfly.zip
https://github.com/MiniProfiler/rack-mini-profiler/archive/master.zip -O MiniProfiler--rack-mini-profiler.zip
https://github.com/apotonick/reform/archive/master.zip -O apotonick--reform.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/shoulda/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--shoulda.zip
https://github.com/dotless-de/vagrant-vbguest/archive/master.zip -O dotless-de--vagrant-vbguest.zip
https://github.com/brandonhilkert/sucker_punch/archive/master.zip -O brandonhilkert--sucker_punch.zip
https://github.com/ruboto/ruboto/archive/master.zip -O ruboto--ruboto.zip
https://github.com/DatabaseCleaner/database_cleaner/archive/master.zip -O DatabaseCleaner--database_cleaner.zip
https://github.com/trulia/hologram/archive/master.zip -O trulia--hologram.zip
https://github.com/teambox/teambox/archive/master.zip -O teambox--teambox.zip
https://github.com/karmi/retire/archive/master.zip -O karmi--retire.zip
https://github.com/RolifyCommunity/rolify/archive/master.zip -O RolifyCommunity--rolify.zip
https://github.com/grosser/parallel_tests/archive/master.zip -O grosser--parallel_tests.zip
https://github.com/jubos/fake-s3/archive/master.zip -O jubos--fake-s3.zip
https://github.com/mojombo/grit/archive/master.zip -O mojombo--grit.zip
https://github.com/busyloop/lolcat/archive/master.zip -O busyloop--lolcat.zip
https://github.com/minimagick/minimagick/archive/master.zip -O minimagick--minimagick.zip
https://github.com/splitrb/split/archive/master.zip -O splitrb--split.zip
https://github.com/instructure/canvas-lms/archive/master.zip -O instructure--canvas-lms.zip
https://github.com/collectiveidea/awesome_nested_set/archive/master.zip -O collectiveidea--awesome_nested_set.zip
https://github.com/hothero/awesome-rails-gem/archive/master.zip -O hothero--awesome-rails-gem.zip
https://github.com/macournoyer/thin/archive/master.zip -O macournoyer--thin.zip
https://github.com/MacRuby/MacRuby/archive/master.zip -O MacRuby--MacRuby.zip
https://github.com/thiagopradi/octopus/archive/master.zip -O thiagopradi--octopus.zip
https://github.com/github/github-services/archive/master.zip -O github--github-services.zip
https://github.com/feedjira/feedjira/archive/master.zip -O feedjira--feedjira.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/shoulda-matchers/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--shoulda-matchers.zip
https://github.com/krisleech/wisper/archive/master.zip -O krisleech--wisper.zip
https://github.com/schneems/wicked/archive/master.zip -O schneems--wicked.zip
https://github.com/roidrage/lograge/archive/master.zip -O roidrage--lograge.zip
https://github.com/etsy/deployinator/archive/master.zip -O etsy--deployinator.zip
https://github.com/dchelimsky/rspec/archive/master.zip -O dchelimsky--rspec.zip
https://github.com/voormedia/rails-erd/archive/master.zip -O voormedia--rails-erd.zip
https://github.com/raganwald-deprecated/homoiconic/archive/master.zip -O raganwald-deprecated--homoiconic.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/capybara-webkit/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--capybara-webkit.zip
https://github.com/technicalpickles/homesick/archive/master.zip -O technicalpickles--homesick.zip
https://github.com/hassox/warden/archive/master.zip -O hassox--warden.zip
https://github.com/Netflix/Scumblr/archive/master.zip -O Netflix--Scumblr.zip
https://github.com/scambra/devise_invitable/archive/master.zip -O scambra--devise_invitable.zip
https://github.com/randym/axlsx/archive/master.zip -O randym--axlsx.zip
https://github.com/cesarferreira/dryrun/archive/master.zip -O cesarferreira--dryrun.zip
https://github.com/samaaron/sonic-pi/archive/master.zip -O samaaron--sonic-pi.zip
https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-rails/archive/master.zip -O elastic--elasticsearch-rails.zip
https://github.com/jneen/rouge/archive/master.zip -O jneen--rouge.zip
https://github.com/premailer/premailer/archive/master.zip -O premailer--premailer.zip
https://github.com/evilsocket/bettercap/archive/master.zip -O evilsocket--bettercap.zip
https://github.com/htty/htty/archive/master.zip -O htty--htty.zip
https://github.com/ryanb/nested_form/archive/master.zip -O ryanb--nested_form.zip
https://github.com/rspec/rspec/archive/master.zip -O rspec--rspec.zip
https://github.com/jch/html-pipeline/archive/master.zip -O jch--html-pipeline.zip
https://github.com/codebrew/backbone-rails/archive/master.zip -O codebrew--backbone-rails.zip
https://github.com/dennisreimann/ioctocat/archive/master.zip -O dennisreimann--ioctocat.zip
https://github.com/wincent/command-t/archive/master.zip -O wincent--command-t.zip
https://github.com/mizzy/serverspec/archive/master.zip -O mizzy--serverspec.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/factory_girl_rails/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--factory_girl_rails.zip
https://github.com/rubysherpas/paranoia/archive/master.zip -O rubysherpas--paranoia.zip
https://github.com/ankane/ahoy/archive/master.zip -O ankane--ahoy.zip
https://github.com/DeathKing/Learning-SICP/archive/master.zip -O DeathKing--Learning-SICP.zip
https://github.com/feedbin/feedbin/archive/master.zip -O feedbin--feedbin.zip
https://github.com/httprb/http/archive/master.zip -O httprb--http.zip
https://github.com/radiant/radiant/archive/master.zip -O radiant--radiant.zip
https://github.com/collectiveidea/audited/archive/master.zip -O collectiveidea--audited.zip
https://github.com/apotonick/roar/archive/master.zip -O apotonick--roar.zip
https://github.com/Casecommons/pg_search/archive/master.zip -O Casecommons--pg_search.zip
https://github.com/stephencelis/ghi/archive/master.zip -O stephencelis--ghi.zip
https://github.com/publify/publify/archive/master.zip -O publify--publify.zip
https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/archive/master.zip -O rubygems--rubygems.zip
https://github.com/zdennis/activerecord-import/archive/master.zip -O zdennis--activerecord-import.zip
https://github.com/technoweenie/restful-authentication/archive/master.zip -O technoweenie--restful-authentication.zip
https://github.com/newrelic/centurion/archive/master.zip -O newrelic--centurion.zip
https://github.com/mongomapper/mongomapper/archive/master.zip -O mongomapper--mongomapper.zip
https://github.com/cerebris/jsonapi-resources/archive/master.zip -O cerebris--jsonapi-resources.zip
https://github.com/RubyMoney/money/archive/master.zip -O RubyMoney--money.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/gitsh/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--gitsh.zip
https://github.com/websocket-rails/websocket-rails/archive/master.zip -O websocket-rails--websocket-rails.zip
https://github.com/galetahub/ckeditor/archive/master.zip -O galetahub--ckeditor.zip
https://github.com/nateware/redis-objects/archive/master.zip -O nateware--redis-objects.zip
https://github.com/rubysherpas/forem/archive/master.zip -O rubysherpas--forem.zip
https://github.com/devopsgroup-io/vagrant-digitalocean/archive/master.zip -O devopsgroup-io--vagrant-digitalocean.zip
https://github.com/rtomayko/tilt/archive/master.zip -O rtomayko--tilt.zip
https://github.com/interagent/prmd/archive/master.zip -O interagent--prmd.zip
https://github.com/tenex/rails-assets/archive/master.zip -O tenex--rails-assets.zip
https://github.com/brigade/overcommit/archive/master.zip -O brigade--overcommit.zip
https://github.com/savonrb/savon/archive/master.zip -O savonrb--savon.zip
https://github.com/insoshi/insoshi/archive/master.zip -O insoshi--insoshi.zip
https://github.com/boxen/boxen/archive/master.zip -O boxen--boxen.zip
https://github.com/AssetSync/asset_sync/archive/master.zip -O AssetSync--asset_sync.zip
https://github.com/nslocum/design-patterns-in-ruby/archive/master.zip -O nslocum--design-patterns-in-ruby.zip
https://github.com/igrigorik/em-websocket/archive/master.zip -O igrigorik--em-websocket.zip
https://github.com/jamesrwhite/minicron/archive/master.zip -O jamesrwhite--minicron.zip
https://github.com/brynary/webrat/archive/master.zip -O brynary--webrat.zip
https://github.com/intridea/oauth2/archive/master.zip -O intridea--oauth2.zip
https://github.com/paulasmuth/recommendify/archive/master.zip -O paulasmuth--recommendify.zip
https://github.com/hamstergem/hamster/archive/master.zip -O hamstergem--hamster.zip
https://github.com/lynndylanhurley/devise_token_auth/archive/master.zip -O lynndylanhurley--devise_token_auth.zip
https://github.com/chriskite/anemone/archive/master.zip -O chriskite--anemone.zip
https://github.com/yuki24/did_you_mean/archive/master.zip -O yuki24--did_you_mean.zip
https://github.com/brianmario/mysql2/archive/master.zip -O brianmario--mysql2.zip
https://github.com/jmettraux/rufus-scheduler/archive/master.zip -O jmettraux--rufus-scheduler.zip
https://github.com/propublica/upton/archive/master.zip -O propublica--upton.zip
https://github.com/collectiveidea/interactor/archive/master.zip -O collectiveidea--interactor.zip
https://github.com/pat/thinking-sphinx/archive/master.zip -O pat--thinking-sphinx.zip
https://github.com/remiprev/teamocil/archive/master.zip -O remiprev--teamocil.zip
https://github.com/maccman/monocle/archive/master.zip -O maccman--monocle.zip
https://github.com/airbnb/synapse/archive/master.zip -O airbnb--synapse.zip
https://github.com/gitlabhq/gitlab-ci/archive/master.zip -O gitlabhq--gitlab-ci.zip
https://github.com/eliotsykes/rspec-rails-examples/archive/master.zip -O eliotsykes--rspec-rails-examples.zip
https://github.com/resque/resque-scheduler/archive/master.zip -O resque--resque-scheduler.zip
https://github.com/octopress/octopress/archive/master.zip -O octopress--octopress.zip
https://github.com/natew/obtvse/archive/master.zip -O natew--obtvse.zip
https://github.com/michenriksen/gitrob/archive/master.zip -O michenriksen--gitrob.zip
https://github.com/technicalpickles/jeweler/archive/master.zip -O technicalpickles--jeweler.zip
https://github.com/rubber/rubber/archive/master.zip -O rubber--rubber.zip
https://github.com/rharriso/bower-rails/archive/master.zip -O rharriso--bower-rails.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/liftoff/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--liftoff.zip
https://github.com/plataformatec/responders/archive/master.zip -O plataformatec--responders.zip
https://github.com/kpumuk/meta-tags/archive/master.zip -O kpumuk--meta-tags.zip
https://github.com/jewel/clearskies/archive/master.zip -O jewel--clearskies.zip
https://github.com/schneems/derailed_benchmarks/archive/master.zip -O schneems--derailed_benchmarks.zip
https://github.com/stevegraham/slanger/archive/master.zip -O stevegraham--slanger.zip
https://github.com/evrone/quiet_assets/archive/master.zip -O evrone--quiet_assets.zip
https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/archive/master.zip -O rubygems--rubygems.org.zip
https://github.com/bobthecow/genghis/archive/master.zip -O bobthecow--genghis.zip
https://github.com/nanoc/nanoc/archive/master.zip -O nanoc--nanoc.zip
https://github.com/Apipie/apipie-rails/archive/master.zip -O Apipie--apipie-rails.zip
https://github.com/seejohnrun/ice_cube/archive/master.zip -O seejohnrun--ice_cube.zip
https://github.com/cloudhead/toto/archive/master.zip -O cloudhead--toto.zip
https://github.com/pearkes/tugboat/archive/master.zip -O pearkes--tugboat.zip
https://github.com/ooyala/barkeep/archive/master.zip -O ooyala--barkeep.zip
https://github.com/hashrocket/decent_exposure/archive/master.zip -O hashrocket--decent_exposure.zip
https://github.com/remiprev/her/archive/master.zip -O remiprev--her.zip
https://github.com/josevalim/rails-footnotes/archive/master.zip -O josevalim--rails-footnotes.zip
https://github.com/noidontdig/gitdown/archive/master.zip -O noidontdig--gitdown.zip
https://github.com/sporkrb/spork/archive/master.zip -O sporkrb--spork.zip
https://github.com/heroku/heroku/archive/master.zip -O heroku--heroku.zip
https://github.com/calabash/calabash-ios/archive/master.zip -O calabash--calabash-ios.zip
https://github.com/binarylogic/searchlogic/archive/master.zip -O binarylogic--searchlogic.zip
https://github.com/radar/guides/archive/master.zip -O radar--guides.zip
https://github.com/influitive/apartment/archive/master.zip -O influitive--apartment.zip
https://github.com/google/google-api-ruby-client/archive/master.zip -O google--google-api-ruby-client.zip
https://github.com/cloudfoundry-attic/vcap/archive/master.zip -O cloudfoundry-attic--vcap.zip
https://github.com/emberjs/ember-rails/archive/master.zip -O emberjs--ember-rails.zip
https://github.com/mailboxer/mailboxer/archive/master.zip -O mailboxer--mailboxer.zip
https://github.com/globalize/globalize/archive/master.zip -O globalize--globalize.zip
https://github.com/geokit/geokit/archive/master.zip -O geokit--geokit.zip
https://github.com/steelThread/redmon/archive/master.zip -O steelThread--redmon.zip
https://github.com/basecamp/mail_view/archive/master.zip -O basecamp--mail_view.zip
https://github.com/hybridgroup/artoo/archive/master.zip -O hybridgroup--artoo.zip
https://github.com/desktoppr/wbench/archive/master.zip -O desktoppr--wbench.zip
https://github.com/senchalabs/jsduck/archive/master.zip -O senchalabs--jsduck.zip
https://github.com/reenhanced/gitreflow/archive/master.zip -O reenhanced--gitreflow.zip
https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer/archive/master.zip -O RailsApps--rails_apps_composer.zip
https://github.com/igrigorik/githubarchive.org/archive/master.zip -O igrigorik--githubarchive.org.zip
https://github.com/codekitchen/dinghy/archive/master.zip -O codekitchen--dinghy.zip
https://github.com/fnando/browser/archive/master.zip -O fnando--browser.zip
https://github.com/cldwalker/hirb/archive/master.zip -O cldwalker--hirb.zip
https://github.com/houndci/hound/archive/master.zip -O houndci--hound.zip
https://github.com/matthuhiggins/foreigner/archive/master.zip -O matthuhiggins--foreigner.zip
https://github.com/jondot/sneakers/archive/master.zip -O jondot--sneakers.zip
https://github.com/benjaminoakes/maid/archive/master.zip -O benjaminoakes--maid.zip
https://github.com/chrismccord/render_sync/archive/master.zip -O chrismccord--render_sync.zip
https://github.com/redis-store/redis-store/archive/master.zip -O redis-store--redis-store.zip
https://github.com/twitter/activerecord-reputation-system/archive/master.zip -O twitter--activerecord-reputation-system.zip
https://github.com/gottfrois/dashing-rails/archive/master.zip -O gottfrois--dashing-rails.zip
https://github.com/assaf/vanity/archive/master.zip -O assaf--vanity.zip
https://github.com/jwt/ruby-jwt/archive/master.zip -O jwt--ruby-jwt.zip
https://github.com/churchio/onebody/archive/master.zip -O churchio--onebody.zip
https://github.com/loomio/loomio/archive/master.zip -O loomio--loomio.zip
https://github.com/stripe/mosql/archive/master.zip -O stripe--mosql.zip
https://github.com/square/cane/archive/master.zip -O square--cane.zip
https://github.com/dtinth/JXA-Cookbook/archive/master.zip -O dtinth--JXA-Cookbook.zip
https://github.com/mynyml/watchr/archive/master.zip -O mynyml--watchr.zip
https://github.com/ddollar/heroku-accounts/archive/master.zip -O ddollar--heroku-accounts.zip
https://github.com/rom-rb/rom/archive/master.zip -O rom-rb--rom.zip
https://github.com/soundcloud/lhm/archive/master.zip -O soundcloud--lhm.zip
https://github.com/binarylogic/settingslogic/archive/master.zip -O binarylogic--settingslogic.zip
https://github.com/github-archive/developer.github.com/archive/master.zip -O github-archive--developer.github.com.zip
https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-ruby-driver/archive/master.zip -O mongodb--mongo-ruby-driver.zip
https://github.com/aanand/deadweight/archive/master.zip -O aanand--deadweight.zip
https://github.com/pluralsight/git-internals-pdf/archive/master.zip -O pluralsight--git-internals-pdf.zip
https://github.com/infinitered/ProMotion/archive/master.zip -O infinitered--ProMotion.zip
https://github.com/madebybowtie/FlagKit/archive/master.zip -O madebybowtie--FlagKit.zip
https://github.com/calabash/calabash-android/archive/master.zip -O calabash--calabash-android.zip
https://github.com/nathanl/authority/archive/master.zip -O nathanl--authority.zip
https://github.com/rodreegez/powder/archive/master.zip -O rodreegez--powder.zip
https://github.com/facebookarchive/instagram-ruby-gem/archive/master.zip -O facebookarchive--instagram-ruby-gem.zip
https://github.com/litaio/lita/archive/master.zip -O litaio--lita.zip
https://github.com/antirez/lamernews/archive/master.zip -O antirez--lamernews.zip
https://github.com/stffn/declarative_authorization/archive/master.zip -O stffn--declarative_authorization.zip
https://github.com/maccman/abba/archive/master.zip -O maccman--abba.zip
https://github.com/ruby-prof/ruby-prof/archive/master.zip -O ruby-prof--ruby-prof.zip
https://github.com/defunkt/unicorn/archive/master.zip -O defunkt--unicorn.zip
https://github.com/rails/strong_parameters/archive/master.zip -O rails--strong_parameters.zip
https://github.com/mmozuras/pronto/archive/master.zip -O mmozuras--pronto.zip
https://github.com/grobie/soundcloud2000/archive/master.zip -O grobie--soundcloud2000.zip
https://github.com/Shopify/identity_cache/archive/master.zip -O Shopify--identity_cache.zip
https://github.com/rubysec/bundler-audit/archive/master.zip -O rubysec--bundler-audit.zip
https://github.com/rubymotion/BubbleWrap/archive/master.zip -O rubymotion--BubbleWrap.zip
https://github.com/tmm1/rbtrace/archive/master.zip -O tmm1--rbtrace.zip
https://github.com/browsermedia/browsercms/archive/master.zip -O browsermedia--browsercms.zip
https://github.com/stripe/einhorn/archive/master.zip -O stripe--einhorn.zip
https://github.com/jashkenas/ruby-processing/archive/master.zip -O jashkenas--ruby-processing.zip
https://github.com/mbj/mutant/archive/master.zip -O mbj--mutant.zip
https://github.com/louismullie/treat/archive/master.zip -O louismullie--treat.zip
https://github.com/rmosolgo/graphql-ruby/archive/master.zip -O rmosolgo--graphql-ruby.zip
https://github.com/ricardochimal/taps/archive/master.zip -O ricardochimal--taps.zip
https://github.com/ivaldi/brimir/archive/master.zip -O ivaldi--brimir.zip
https://github.com/documentcloud/jammit/archive/master.zip -O documentcloud--jammit.zip
https://github.com/jcs/lobsters/archive/master.zip -O jcs--lobsters.zip
https://github.com/soveran/cuba/archive/master.zip -O soveran--cuba.zip
https://github.com/roberdam/Xaddress/archive/master.zip -O roberdam--Xaddress.zip
https://github.com/realestate-com-au/pact/archive/master.zip -O realestate-com-au--pact.zip
https://github.com/HipByte/RubyMotionSamples/archive/master.zip -O HipByte--RubyMotionSamples.zip
https://github.com/sprinkle-tool/sprinkle/archive/master.zip -O sprinkle-tool--sprinkle.zip
https://github.com/Arachni/arachni/archive/master.zip -O Arachni--arachni.zip
https://github.com/soveran/ohm/archive/master.zip -O soveran--ohm.zip
https://github.com/lsegal/yard/archive/master.zip -O lsegal--yard.zip
https://github.com/brainspec/enumerize/archive/master.zip -O brainspec--enumerize.zip
https://github.com/endofunky/sidetiq/archive/master.zip -O endofunky--sidetiq.zip
https://github.com/opf/openproject/archive/master.zip -O opf--openproject.zip
https://github.com/solidusio/solidus/archive/master.zip -O solidusio--solidus.zip
https://github.com/catarse/catarse/archive/master.zip -O catarse--catarse.zip
https://github.com/davidcelis/recommendable/archive/master.zip -O davidcelis--recommendable.zip
https://github.com/schacon/ruby-git/archive/master.zip -O schacon--ruby-git.zip
https://github.com/railsware/js-routes/archive/master.zip -O railsware--js-routes.zip
https://github.com/geokit/geokit-rails/archive/master.zip -O geokit--geokit-rails.zip
https://github.com/plataformatec/has_scope/archive/master.zip -O plataformatec--has_scope.zip
https://github.com/bborn/communityengine/archive/master.zip -O bborn--communityengine.zip
https://github.com/ambethia/recaptcha/archive/master.zip -O ambethia--recaptcha.zip
https://github.com/prat0318/json_resume/archive/master.zip -O prat0318--json_resume.zip
https://github.com/notahat/machinist/archive/master.zip -O notahat--machinist.zip
https://github.com/cryptosphere/cryptosphere/archive/master.zip -O cryptosphere--cryptosphere.zip
https://github.com/railsconfig/config/archive/master.zip -O railsconfig--config.zip
https://github.com/asciidoctor/asciidoctor/archive/master.zip -O asciidoctor--asciidoctor.zip
https://github.com/junegunn/redis-stat/archive/master.zip -O junegunn--redis-stat.zip
https://github.com/arya/bluepill/archive/master.zip -O arya--bluepill.zip
https://github.com/geminabox/geminabox/archive/master.zip -O geminabox--geminabox.zip
https://github.com/glebm/i18n-tasks/archive/master.zip -O glebm--i18n-tasks.zip
https://github.com/attr-encrypted/attr_encrypted/archive/master.zip -O attr-encrypted--attr_encrypted.zip
https://github.com/garybernhardt/selecta/archive/master.zip -O garybernhardt--selecta.zip
https://github.com/typus/typus/archive/master.zip -O typus--typus.zip
https://github.com/shakacode/react-webpack-rails-tutorial/archive/master.zip -O shakacode--react-webpack-rails-tutorial.zip
https://github.com/theforeman/foreman/archive/master.zip -O theforeman--foreman.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/scenic/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--scenic.zip
https://github.com/brynary/rack-bug/archive/master.zip -O brynary--rack-bug.zip
https://github.com/test-kitchen/test-kitchen/archive/master.zip -O test-kitchen--test-kitchen.zip
https://github.com/igrigorik/em-http-request/archive/master.zip -O igrigorik--em-http-request.zip
https://github.com/seatgeek/soulmate/archive/master.zip -O seatgeek--soulmate.zip
https://github.com/piotrmurach/tty/archive/master.zip -O piotrmurach--tty.zip
https://github.com/RailsApps/rails-stripe-membership-saas/archive/master.zip -O RailsApps--rails-stripe-membership-saas.zip
https://github.com/ging/social_stream/archive/master.zip -O ging--social_stream.zip
https://github.com/tweetstream/tweetstream/archive/master.zip -O tweetstream--tweetstream.zip
https://github.com/codeclimate/codeclimate/archive/master.zip -O codeclimate--codeclimate.zip
https://github.com/nov/fb_graph/archive/master.zip -O nov--fb_graph.zip
https://github.com/cloudfoundry/bosh/archive/master.zip -O cloudfoundry--bosh.zip
https://github.com/defunkt/cijoe/archive/master.zip -O defunkt--cijoe.zip
https://github.com/oneclick/rubyinstaller/archive/master.zip -O oneclick--rubyinstaller.zip
https://github.com/neo4jrb/neo4j/archive/master.zip -O neo4jrb--neo4j.zip
https://github.com/defunkt/github-gem/archive/master.zip -O defunkt--github-gem.zip
https://github.com/augustl/net-http-cheat-sheet/archive/master.zip -O augustl--net-http-cheat-sheet.zip
https://github.com/tmm1/stackprof/archive/master.zip -O tmm1--stackprof.zip
https://github.com/drhenner/ror_ecommerce/archive/master.zip -O drhenner--ror_ecommerce.zip
https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-ruby/archive/master.zip -O elastic--elasticsearch-ruby.zip
https://github.com/gimite/google-drive-ruby/archive/master.zip -O gimite--google-drive-ruby.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/griddler/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--griddler.zip
https://github.com/ffaker/ffaker/archive/master.zip -O ffaker--ffaker.zip
https://github.com/streamio/streamio-ffmpeg/archive/master.zip -O streamio--streamio-ffmpeg.zip
https://github.com/fgrehm/vagrant-lxc/archive/master.zip -O fgrehm--vagrant-lxc.zip
https://github.com/rack/rack-contrib/archive/master.zip -O rack--rack-contrib.zip
https://github.com/tj/commander/archive/master.zip -O tj--commander.zip
https://github.com/Caged/gitnub/archive/master.zip -O Caged--gitnub.zip
https://github.com/swanandp/acts_as_list/archive/master.zip -O swanandp--acts_as_list.zip
https://github.com/berkshelf/berkshelf/archive/master.zip -O berkshelf--berkshelf.zip
https://github.com/janko-m/shrine/archive/master.zip -O janko-m--shrine.zip
https://github.com/denkGroot/Spina/archive/master.zip -O denkGroot--Spina.zip
https://github.com/Mange/roadie/archive/master.zip -O Mange--roadie.zip
https://github.com/SUSE/Portus/archive/master.zip -O SUSE--Portus.zip
https://github.com/egonSchiele/contracts.ruby/archive/master.zip -O egonSchiele--contracts.ruby.zip
https://github.com/bootstrap-ruby/rails-bootstrap-forms/archive/master.zip -O bootstrap-ruby--rails-bootstrap-forms.zip
https://github.com/jfirebaugh/konacha/archive/master.zip -O jfirebaugh--konacha.zip
https://github.com/technoweenie/attachment_fu/archive/master.zip -O technoweenie--attachment_fu.zip
https://github.com/cypriss/mutations/archive/master.zip -O cypriss--mutations.zip
https://github.com/YorickPeterse/oga/archive/master.zip -O YorickPeterse--oga.zip
https://github.com/holman/boom/archive/master.zip -O holman--boom.zip
https://github.com/chanks/que/archive/master.zip -O chanks--que.zip
https://github.com/shoes/shoes4/archive/master.zip -O shoes--shoes4.zip
https://github.com/brentd/xray-rails/archive/master.zip -O brentd--xray-rails.zip
https://github.com/phusion/juvia/archive/master.zip -O phusion--juvia.zip
https://github.com/elcuervo/airplay/archive/master.zip -O elcuervo--airplay.zip
https://github.com/charliesome/rustboot/archive/master.zip -O charliesome--rustboot.zip
https://github.com/merit-gem/merit/archive/master.zip -O merit-gem--merit.zip
https://github.com/QueueClassic/queue_classic/archive/master.zip -O QueueClassic--queue_classic.zip
https://github.com/email-spec/email-spec/archive/master.zip -O email-spec--email-spec.zip
https://github.com/chrisk/fakeweb/archive/master.zip -O chrisk--fakeweb.zip
https://github.com/ndbroadbent/turbo-sprockets-rails3/archive/master.zip -O ndbroadbent--turbo-sprockets-rails3.zip
https://github.com/jfelchner/ruby-progressbar/archive/master.zip -O jfelchner--ruby-progressbar.zip
https://github.com/grocer/grocer/archive/master.zip -O grocer--grocer.zip
https://github.com/danlucraft/redcar/archive/master.zip -O danlucraft--redcar.zip
https://github.com/nkallen/cache-money/archive/master.zip -O nkallen--cache-money.zip
https://github.com/igrigorik/em-synchrony/archive/master.zip -O igrigorik--em-synchrony.zip
https://github.com/tybenz/vimdeck/archive/master.zip -O tybenz--vimdeck.zip
https://github.com/adzap/validates_timeliness/archive/master.zip -O adzap--validates_timeliness.zip
https://github.com/toptal/chewy/archive/master.zip -O toptal--chewy.zip
https://github.com/devopsgroup-io/vagrant-hostmanager/archive/master.zip -O devopsgroup-io--vagrant-hostmanager.zip
https://github.com/elevation/event_calendar/archive/master.zip -O elevation--event_calendar.zip
https://github.com/cinchrb/cinch/archive/master.zip -O cinchrb--cinch.zip
https://github.com/mmangino/facebooker/archive/master.zip -O mmangino--facebooker.zip
https://github.com/guard/guard-rspec/archive/master.zip -O guard--guard-rspec.zip
https://github.com/joliss/jquery-ui-rails/archive/master.zip -O joliss--jquery-ui-rails.zip
https://github.com/ryanto/acts_as_votable/archive/master.zip -O ryanto--acts_as_votable.zip
https://github.com/tumblr/jetpants/archive/master.zip -O tumblr--jetpants.zip
https://github.com/fgrehm/vagrant-cachier/archive/master.zip -O fgrehm--vagrant-cachier.zip
https://github.com/michelson/lazy_high_charts/archive/master.zip -O michelson--lazy_high_charts.zip
https://github.com/jordansissel/pleaserun/archive/master.zip -O jordansissel--pleaserun.zip
https://github.com/noahd1/oink/archive/master.zip -O noahd1--oink.zip
https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-bundle/archive/master.zip -O Homebrew--homebrew-bundle.zip
https://github.com/brandonhilkert/fucking_shell_scripts/archive/master.zip -O brandonhilkert--fucking_shell_scripts.zip
https://github.com/crowdint/rails3-jquery-autocomplete/archive/master.zip -O crowdint--rails3-jquery-autocomplete.zip
https://github.com/chloerei/writings/archive/master.zip -O chloerei--writings.zip
https://github.com/gettalong/kramdown/archive/master.zip -O gettalong--kramdown.zip
https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core/archive/master.zip -O Homebrew--homebrew-core.zip
https://github.com/danger/danger/archive/master.zip -O danger--danger.zip
https://github.com/iridakos/duckrails/archive/master.zip -O iridakos--duckrails.zip
https://github.com/SquareSquash/web/archive/master.zip -O SquareSquash--web.zip
https://github.com/mkdynamic/omniauth-facebook/archive/master.zip -O mkdynamic--omniauth-facebook.zip
https://github.com/supermarin/YosemiteSanFranciscoFont/archive/master.zip -O supermarin--YosemiteSanFranciscoFont.zip
https://github.com/gonzalo-bulnes/simple_token_authentication/archive/master.zip -O gonzalo-bulnes--simple_token_authentication.zip
https://github.com/deivid-rodriguez/pry-byebug/archive/master.zip -O deivid-rodriguez--pry-byebug.zip
https://github.com/avdi/naught/archive/master.zip -O avdi--naught.zip
https://github.com/rpush/rpush/archive/master.zip -O rpush--rpush.zip
https://github.com/Sutto/rocket_pants/archive/master.zip -O Sutto--rocket_pants.zip
https://github.com/asciinema/asciinema.org/archive/master.zip -O asciinema--asciinema.org.zip
https://github.com/rroblak/seed_dump/archive/master.zip -O rroblak--seed_dump.zip
https://github.com/davetron5000/gli/archive/master.zip -O davetron5000--gli.zip
https://github.com/hexorx/countries/archive/master.zip -O hexorx--countries.zip
https://github.com/jeremyw/stamp/archive/master.zip -O jeremyw--stamp.zip
https://github.com/rsl/stringex/archive/master.zip -O rsl--stringex.zip
https://github.com/cgriego/active_attr/archive/master.zip -O cgriego--active_attr.zip
https://github.com/kostya/eye/archive/master.zip -O kostya--eye.zip
https://github.com/toy/image_optim/archive/master.zip -O toy--image_optim.zip
https://github.com/charlotte-ruby/impressionist/archive/master.zip -O charlotte-ruby--impressionist.zip
https://github.com/NationalSecurityAgency/SIMP/archive/master.zip -O NationalSecurityAgency--SIMP.zip
https://github.com/yob/pdf-reader/archive/master.zip -O yob--pdf-reader.zip
https://github.com/mceachen/closure_tree/archive/master.zip -O mceachen--closure_tree.zip
https://github.com/laserlemon/vestal_versions/archive/master.zip -O laserlemon--vestal_versions.zip
https://github.com/fxn/tkn/archive/master.zip -O fxn--tkn.zip
https://github.com/andrewculver/koudoku/archive/master.zip -O andrewculver--koudoku.zip
https://github.com/nathansobo/treetop/archive/master.zip -O nathansobo--treetop.zip
https://github.com/aws/opsworks-cookbooks/archive/master.zip -O aws--opsworks-cookbooks.zip
https://github.com/drnic/ruby-on-rails-tmbundle/archive/master.zip -O drnic--ruby-on-rails-tmbundle.zip
https://github.com/github/pages-gem/archive/master.zip -O github--pages-gem.zip
https://github.com/peatio/peatio/archive/master.zip -O peatio--peatio.zip
https://github.com/mbleigh/seed-fu/archive/master.zip -O mbleigh--seed-fu.zip
https://github.com/activescaffold/active_scaffold/archive/master.zip -O activescaffold--active_scaffold.zip
https://github.com/sdsykes/fastimage/archive/master.zip -O sdsykes--fastimage.zip
https://github.com/twilio/twilio-ruby/archive/master.zip -O twilio--twilio-ruby.zip
https://github.com/mailman/mailman/archive/master.zip -O mailman--mailman.zip
https://github.com/activerecord-hackery/meta_search/archive/master.zip -O activerecord-hackery--meta_search.zip
https://github.com/ai/autoprefixer-rails/archive/master.zip -O ai--autoprefixer-rails.zip
https://github.com/rtomayko/ronn/archive/master.zip -O rtomayko--ronn.zip
https://github.com/gma/nesta/archive/master.zip -O gma--nesta.zip
https://github.com/sporkmonger/addressable/archive/master.zip -O sporkmonger--addressable.zip
https://github.com/rails/exception_notification/archive/master.zip -O rails--exception_notification.zip
https://github.com/helpyio/helpy/archive/master.zip -O helpyio--helpy.zip
https://github.com/jasonlong/geo_pattern/archive/master.zip -O jasonlong--geo_pattern.zip
https://github.com/peritor/webistrano/archive/master.zip -O peritor--webistrano.zip
https://github.com/newrelic/rpm/archive/master.zip -O newrelic--rpm.zip
https://github.com/Chris911/iStats/archive/master.zip -O Chris911--iStats.zip
https://github.com/vagrant-libvirt/vagrant-libvirt/archive/master.zip -O vagrant-libvirt--vagrant-libvirt.zip
https://github.com/mispy/twitter_ebooks/archive/master.zip -O mispy--twitter_ebooks.zip
https://github.com/guard/listen/archive/master.zip -O guard--listen.zip
https://github.com/sotownsend/BooJS/archive/master.zip -O sotownsend--BooJS.zip
https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber-rails/archive/master.zip -O cucumber--cucumber-rails.zip
https://github.com/documentcloud/cloud-crowd/archive/master.zip -O documentcloud--cloud-crowd.zip
https://github.com/evanphx/benchmark-ips/archive/master.zip -O evanphx--benchmark-ips.zip
https://github.com/24pullrequests/24pullrequests/archive/master.zip -O 24pullrequests--24pullrequests.zip
https://github.com/openshift/origin-server/archive/master.zip -O openshift--origin-server.zip
https://github.com/fakefs/fakefs/archive/master.zip -O fakefs--fakefs.zip
https://github.com/ryanb/private_pub/archive/master.zip -O ryanb--private_pub.zip
https://github.com/twitter/twurl/archive/master.zip -O twitter--twurl.zip
https://github.com/fdietz/team_dashboard/archive/master.zip -O fdietz--team_dashboard.zip
https://github.com/celluloid/celluloid-io/archive/master.zip -O celluloid--celluloid-io.zip
https://github.com/felipecsl/wombat/archive/master.zip -O felipecsl--wombat.zip
https://github.com/meleyal/backbone-on-rails/archive/master.zip -O meleyal--backbone-on-rails.zip
https://github.com/topfunky/gruff/archive/master.zip -O topfunky--gruff.zip
https://github.com/yujinakayama/transpec/archive/master.zip -O yujinakayama--transpec.zip
https://github.com/jim/carmen/archive/master.zip -O jim--carmen.zip
https://github.com/rweng/pry-rails/archive/master.zip -O rweng--pry-rails.zip
https://github.com/jlong/serve/archive/master.zip -O jlong--serve.zip
https://github.com/jeromegn/DocumentUp/archive/master.zip -O jeromegn--DocumentUp.zip
https://github.com/jnicklas/turnip/archive/master.zip -O jnicklas--turnip.zip
https://github.com/coinbase/toshi/archive/master.zip -O coinbase--toshi.zip
https://github.com/imathis/fancy-buttons/archive/master.zip -O imathis--fancy-buttons.zip
https://github.com/fphilipe/premailer-rails/archive/master.zip -O fphilipe--premailer-rails.zip
https://github.com/paulelliott/fabrication/archive/master.zip -O paulelliott--fabrication.zip
https://github.com/coderwall/coderwall-legacy/archive/master.zip -O coderwall--coderwall-legacy.zip
https://github.com/danmayer/coverband/archive/master.zip -O danmayer--coverband.zip
https://github.com/JEG2/highline/archive/master.zip -O JEG2--highline.zip
https://github.com/brooklynDev/airborne/archive/master.zip -O brooklynDev--airborne.zip
https://github.com/piotrmurach/github/archive/master.zip -O piotrmurach--github.zip
https://github.com/RubyMoney/money-rails/archive/master.zip -O RubyMoney--money-rails.zip
https://github.com/kontena/kontena/archive/master.zip -O kontena--kontena.zip
https://github.com/xaviershay/enki/archive/master.zip -O xaviershay--enki.zip
https://github.com/diogob/activerecord-postgres-hstore/archive/master.zip -O diogob--activerecord-postgres-hstore.zip
https://github.com/jnunemaker/flipper/archive/master.zip -O jnunemaker--flipper.zip
https://github.com/ryanb/railscasts-episodes/archive/master.zip -O ryanb--railscasts-episodes.zip
https://github.com/dblock/fui/archive/master.zip -O dblock--fui.zip
https://github.com/zipmark/rspec_api_documentation/archive/master.zip -O zipmark--rspec_api_documentation.zip
https://github.com/phstc/shoryuken/archive/master.zip -O phstc--shoryuken.zip
https://github.com/codeplant/simple-navigation/archive/master.zip -O codeplant--simple-navigation.zip
https://github.com/freerange/mocha/archive/master.zip -O freerange--mocha.zip
https://github.com/bploetz/versionist/archive/master.zip -O bploetz--versionist.zip
https://github.com/mperham/connection_pool/archive/master.zip -O mperham--connection_pool.zip
https://github.com/cogitatio/vagrant-hostsupdater/archive/master.zip -O cogitatio--vagrant-hostsupdater.zip
https://github.com/rspec/rspec-expectations/archive/master.zip -O rspec--rspec-expectations.zip
https://github.com/petewarden/dstk/archive/master.zip -O petewarden--dstk.zip
https://github.com/be9/acl9/archive/master.zip -O be9--acl9.zip
https://github.com/segiddins/ThisCouldBeUsButYouPlaying/archive/master.zip -O segiddins--ThisCouldBeUsButYouPlaying.zip
https://github.com/upmin/upmin-admin-ruby/archive/master.zip -O upmin--upmin-admin-ruby.zip
https://github.com/usablica/label.css/archive/master.zip -O usablica--label.css.zip
https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-science/archive/master.zip -O Homebrew--homebrew-science.zip
https://github.com/vertiginous/pik/archive/master.zip -O vertiginous--pik.zip
https://github.com/james2m/seedbank/archive/master.zip -O james2m--seedbank.zip
https://github.com/chef/omnibus/archive/master.zip -O chef--omnibus.zip
https://github.com/TracksApp/tracks/archive/master.zip -O TracksApp--tracks.zip
https://github.com/sharetribe/sharetribe/archive/master.zip -O sharetribe--sharetribe.zip
https://github.com/cantino/ruby-readability/archive/master.zip -O cantino--ruby-readability.zip
https://github.com/collectiveidea/json_spec/archive/master.zip -O collectiveidea--json_spec.zip
https://github.com/gocardless/statesman/archive/master.zip -O gocardless--statesman.zip
https://github.com/orgsync/active_interaction/archive/master.zip -O orgsync--active_interaction.zip
https://github.com/jackdempsey/acts_as_commentable/archive/master.zip -O jackdempsey--acts_as_commentable.zip
https://github.com/marcel/aws-s3/archive/master.zip -O marcel--aws-s3.zip
https://github.com/achiu/consular/archive/master.zip -O achiu--consular.zip
https://github.com/donmelton/video_transcoding/archive/master.zip -O donmelton--video_transcoding.zip
https://github.com/matschaffer/knife-solo/archive/master.zip -O matschaffer--knife-solo.zip
https://github.com/leejarvis/slop/archive/master.zip -O leejarvis--slop.zip
https://github.com/vdaubry/github-awards/archive/master.zip -O vdaubry--github-awards.zip
https://github.com/Fullscreen/bh/archive/master.zip -O Fullscreen--bh.zip
https://github.com/github-archive/swordfish/archive/master.zip -O github-archive--swordfish.zip
https://github.com/Gargron/mastodon/archive/master.zip -O Gargron--mastodon.zip
https://github.com/dtan4/terraforming/archive/master.zip -O dtan4--terraforming.zip
https://github.com/SciRuby/sciruby/archive/master.zip -O SciRuby--sciruby.zip
https://github.com/tryshoppe/shoppe/archive/master.zip -O tryshoppe--shoppe.zip
https://github.com/square/apropos/archive/master.zip -O square--apropos.zip
https://github.com/igorkasyanchuk/rails_db/archive/master.zip -O igorkasyanchuk--rails_db.zip
https://github.com/webmachine/webmachine-ruby/archive/master.zip -O webmachine--webmachine-ruby.zip
https://github.com/antirez/redis-doc/archive/master.zip -O antirez--redis-doc.zip
https://github.com/cavalle/steak/archive/master.zip -O cavalle--steak.zip
https://github.com/samg/diffy/archive/master.zip -O samg--diffy.zip
https://github.com/goshakkk/nsa_panel/archive/master.zip -O goshakkk--nsa_panel.zip
https://github.com/everzet/capifony/archive/master.zip -O everzet--capifony.zip
https://github.com/fredwu/angel_nest/archive/master.zip -O fredwu--angel_nest.zip
https://github.com/tj/terminal-table/archive/master.zip -O tj--terminal-table.zip
https://github.com/indirect/haml-rails/archive/master.zip -O indirect--haml-rails.zip
https://github.com/ttscoff/Slogger/archive/master.zip -O ttscoff--Slogger.zip
https://github.com/wvanbergen/chunky_png/archive/master.zip -O wvanbergen--chunky_png.zip
https://github.com/guipdutra/awesome-geek-podcasts/archive/master.zip -O guipdutra--awesome-geek-podcasts.zip
https://github.com/rspec/rspec-core/archive/master.zip -O rspec--rspec-core.zip
https://github.com/rails/activejob/archive/master.zip -O rails--activejob.zip
https://github.com/zendesk/samson/archive/master.zip -O zendesk--samson.zip
https://github.com/natritmeyer/site_prism/archive/master.zip -O natritmeyer--site_prism.zip
https://github.com/ActsAsParanoid/acts_as_paranoid/archive/master.zip -O ActsAsParanoid--acts_as_paranoid.zip
https://github.com/dchelimsky/rspec-rails/archive/master.zip -O dchelimsky--rspec-rails.zip
https://github.com/Eric-Guo/wechat/archive/master.zip -O Eric-Guo--wechat.zip
https://github.com/dergachev/screengif/archive/master.zip -O dergachev--screengif.zip
https://github.com/hiravgandhi/angularjs-rails/archive/master.zip -O hiravgandhi--angularjs-rails.zip
https://github.com/excon/excon/archive/master.zip -O excon--excon.zip
https://github.com/nats-io/ruby-nats/archive/master.zip -O nats-io--ruby-nats.zip
https://github.com/datamapper/dm-core/archive/master.zip -O datamapper--dm-core.zip
https://github.com/ruby/rake/archive/master.zip -O ruby--rake.zip
https://github.com/stripe/stripe-ruby/archive/master.zip -O stripe--stripe-ruby.zip
https://github.com/ezmobius/nanite/archive/master.zip -O ezmobius--nanite.zip
https://github.com/Docverter/docverter/archive/master.zip -O Docverter--docverter.zip
https://github.com/piscolomo/ruby-patterns/archive/master.zip -O piscolomo--ruby-patterns.zip
https://github.com/ryanb/railscasts/archive/master.zip -O ryanb--railscasts.zip
https://github.com/iobridge/thingspeak/archive/master.zip -O iobridge--thingspeak.zip
https://github.com/zquestz/omniauth-google-oauth2/archive/master.zip -O zquestz--omniauth-google-oauth2.zip
https://github.com/mattheworiordan/capybara-screenshot/archive/master.zip -O mattheworiordan--capybara-screenshot.zip
https://github.com/geerlingguy/ansible-vagrant-examples/archive/master.zip -O geerlingguy--ansible-vagrant-examples.zip
https://github.com/dcparker/ruby-gmail/archive/master.zip -O dcparker--ruby-gmail.zip
https://github.com/radar/by_star/archive/master.zip -O radar--by_star.zip
https://github.com/jruby/warbler/archive/master.zip -O jruby--warbler.zip
https://github.com/bjeanes/ghost/archive/master.zip -O bjeanes--ghost.zip
https://github.com/amro/gibbon/archive/master.zip -O amro--gibbon.zip
https://github.com/the-teacher/the_role/archive/master.zip -O the-teacher--the_role.zip
https://github.com/ruby-json-schema/json-schema/archive/master.zip -O ruby-json-schema--json-schema.zip
https://github.com/hotsh/rstat.us/archive/master.zip -O hotsh--rstat.us.zip
https://github.com/stevenosloan/slack-notifier/archive/master.zip -O stevenosloan--slack-notifier.zip
https://github.com/heroku/rails_12factor/archive/master.zip -O heroku--rails_12factor.zip
https://github.com/nixme/jazz_hands/archive/master.zip -O nixme--jazz_hands.zip
https://github.com/citation-style-language/styles/archive/master.zip -O citation-style-language--styles.zip
https://github.com/rtomayko/shotgun/archive/master.zip -O rtomayko--shotgun.zip
https://github.com/livingstyleguide/livingstyleguide/archive/master.zip -O livingstyleguide--livingstyleguide.zip
https://github.com/argerim/select2-rails/archive/master.zip -O argerim--select2-rails.zip
https://github.com/kzk/unicorn-worker-killer/archive/master.zip -O kzk--unicorn-worker-killer.zip
https://github.com/sevenwire/forgery/archive/master.zip -O sevenwire--forgery.zip
https://github.com/watir/watir/archive/master.zip -O watir--watir.zip
https://github.com/airbrake/airbrake/archive/master.zip -O airbrake--airbrake.zip
https://github.com/benhoskings/babushka/archive/master.zip -O benhoskings--babushka.zip
https://github.com/steveklabnik/request_store/archive/master.zip -O steveklabnik--request_store.zip
https://github.com/pelle/oauth-plugin/archive/master.zip -O pelle--oauth-plugin.zip
https://github.com/ileitch/hijack/archive/master.zip -O ileitch--hijack.zip
https://github.com/rails-sqlserver/activerecord-sqlserver-adapter/archive/master.zip -O rails-sqlserver--activerecord-sqlserver-adapter.zip
https://github.com/lassebunk/gretel/archive/master.zip -O lassebunk--gretel.zip
https://github.com/dwilkie/carrierwave_direct/archive/master.zip -O dwilkie--carrierwave_direct.zip
https://github.com/cucumber/aruba/archive/master.zip -O cucumber--aruba.zip
https://github.com/fredwu/api_taster/archive/master.zip -O fredwu--api_taster.zip
https://github.com/igrigorik/agent/archive/master.zip -O igrigorik--agent.zip
https://github.com/subwindow/negative-captcha/archive/master.zip -O subwindow--negative-captcha.zip
https://github.com/leonid-shevtsov/headless/archive/master.zip -O leonid-shevtsov--headless.zip
https://github.com/orta/cocoapods-keys/archive/master.zip -O orta--cocoapods-keys.zip
https://github.com/ruby-amqp/bunny/archive/master.zip -O ruby-amqp--bunny.zip
https://github.com/weppos/whois/archive/master.zip -O weppos--whois.zip
https://github.com/rspec/rspec-mocks/archive/master.zip -O rspec--rspec-mocks.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/cocaine/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--cocaine.zip
https://github.com/itamae-kitchen/itamae/archive/master.zip -O itamae-kitchen--itamae.zip
https://github.com/DefactoSoftware/Hours/archive/master.zip -O DefactoSoftware--Hours.zip
https://github.com/brendanlim/mobile-fu/archive/master.zip -O brendanlim--mobile-fu.zip
https://github.com/KKBOX/CompassApp/archive/master.zip -O KKBOX--CompassApp.zip
https://github.com/thbar/kiba/archive/master.zip -O thbar--kiba.zip
https://github.com/airbnb/nerve/archive/master.zip -O airbnb--nerve.zip
https://github.com/documentcloud/docsplit/archive/master.zip -O documentcloud--docsplit.zip
https://github.com/aaronchi/jrails/archive/master.zip -O aaronchi--jrails.zip
https://github.com/scttnlsn/dandelion/archive/master.zip -O scttnlsn--dandelion.zip
https://github.com/rodjek/librarian-puppet/archive/master.zip -O rodjek--librarian-puppet.zip
https://github.com/dejan/auto_html/archive/master.zip -O dejan--auto_html.zip
https://github.com/capistrano/sshkit/archive/master.zip -O capistrano--sshkit.zip
https://github.com/rubyzip/rubyzip/archive/master.zip -O rubyzip--rubyzip.zip
https://github.com/bogdan/datagrid/archive/master.zip -O bogdan--datagrid.zip
https://github.com/hexgnu/linkedin/archive/master.zip -O hexgnu--linkedin.zip
https://github.com/freshshell/fresh/archive/master.zip -O freshshell--fresh.zip
https://github.com/saberma/shopqi/archive/master.zip -O saberma--shopqi.zip
https://github.com/winton/stasis/archive/master.zip -O winton--stasis.zip
https://github.com/tobi/clarity/archive/master.zip -O tobi--clarity.zip
https://github.com/twcamper/sicp-kindle/archive/master.zip -O twcamper--sicp-kindle.zip
https://github.com/KrauseFx/xcode-install/archive/master.zip -O KrauseFx--xcode-install.zip
https://github.com/jtrupiano/rack-rewrite/archive/master.zip -O jtrupiano--rack-rewrite.zip
https://github.com/peterc/pismo/archive/master.zip -O peterc--pismo.zip
https://github.com/ruby-grape/grape-swagger/archive/master.zip -O ruby-grape--grape-swagger.zip
https://github.com/CocoaPods/cocoapods-deintegrate/archive/master.zip -O CocoaPods--cocoapods-deintegrate.zip
https://github.com/mattetti/googlecharts/archive/master.zip -O mattetti--googlecharts.zip
https://github.com/NUBIC/surveyor/archive/master.zip -O NUBIC--surveyor.zip
https://github.com/spark/thermostat/archive/master.zip -O spark--thermostat.zip
https://github.com/peterkeen/payola/archive/master.zip -O peterkeen--payola.zip
https://github.com/faye/faye-websocket-ruby/archive/master.zip -O faye--faye-websocket-ruby.zip
https://github.com/swipely/docker-api/archive/master.zip -O swipely--docker-api.zip
https://github.com/samg/timetrap/archive/master.zip -O samg--timetrap.zip
https://github.com/sethvargo/chefspec/archive/master.zip -O sethvargo--chefspec.zip
https://github.com/livoras/blog/archive/master.zip -O livoras--blog.zip
https://github.com/YorickPeterse/ruby-lint/archive/master.zip -O YorickPeterse--ruby-lint.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/appraisal/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--appraisal.zip
https://github.com/brynary/rack-test/archive/master.zip -O brynary--rack-test.zip
https://github.com/applicationsonline/librarian/archive/master.zip -O applicationsonline--librarian.zip
https://github.com/testdouble/suture/archive/master.zip -O testdouble--suture.zip
https://github.com/copycopter/copycopter-server/archive/master.zip -O copycopter--copycopter-server.zip
https://github.com/evolution/genesis-wordpress/archive/master.zip -O evolution--genesis-wordpress.zip
https://github.com/Fosome/garb/archive/master.zip -O Fosome--garb.zip
https://github.com/magnusvk/counter_culture/archive/master.zip -O magnusvk--counter_culture.zip
https://github.com/dennybritz/rails_startup_template/archive/master.zip -O dennybritz--rails_startup_template.zip
https://github.com/pakyow/pakyow/archive/master.zip -O pakyow--pakyow.zip
https://github.com/railsmachine/moonshine/archive/master.zip -O railsmachine--moonshine.zip
https://github.com/cassandra-rb/cassandra/archive/master.zip -O cassandra-rb--cassandra.zip
https://github.com/nu7hatch/gmail/archive/master.zip -O nu7hatch--gmail.zip
https://github.com/elastic/cookbook-elasticsearch/archive/master.zip -O elastic--cookbook-elasticsearch.zip
https://github.com/plataformatec/mail_form/archive/master.zip -O plataformatec--mail_form.zip
https://github.com/robotmay/photographer-io/archive/master.zip -O robotmay--photographer-io.zip
https://github.com/rails/sass-rails/archive/master.zip -O rails--sass-rails.zip
https://github.com/chrisfsampaio/imsg/archive/master.zip -O chrisfsampaio--imsg.zip
https://github.com/hakanensari/fixer-io/archive/master.zip -O hakanensari--fixer-io.zip
https://github.com/willianjusten/awesome-audio-visualization/archive/master.zip -O willianjusten--awesome-audio-visualization.zip
https://github.com/urbanadventurer/WhatWeb/archive/master.zip -O urbanadventurer--WhatWeb.zip
https://github.com/jugyo/earthquake/archive/master.zip -O jugyo--earthquake.zip
https://github.com/tcocca/acts_as_follower/archive/master.zip -O tcocca--acts_as_follower.zip
https://github.com/basecamp/marginalia/archive/master.zip -O basecamp--marginalia.zip
https://github.com/jedi4ever/sahara/archive/master.zip -O jedi4ever--sahara.zip
https://github.com/nsarno/knock/archive/master.zip -O nsarno--knock.zip
https://github.com/jaimeiniesta/metainspector/archive/master.zip -O jaimeiniesta--metainspector.zip
https://github.com/CocoaPods/Xcodeproj/archive/master.zip -O CocoaPods--Xcodeproj.zip
https://github.com/Shopify/active_shipping/archive/master.zip -O Shopify--active_shipping.zip
https://github.com/integrity/integrity/archive/master.zip -O integrity--integrity.zip
https://github.com/janlelis/irbtools/archive/master.zip -O janlelis--irbtools.zip
https://github.com/huacnlee/redis-search/archive/master.zip -O huacnlee--redis-search.zip
https://github.com/whomwah/rqrcode/archive/master.zip -O whomwah--rqrcode.zip
https://github.com/brianmario/charlock_holmes/archive/master.zip -O brianmario--charlock_holmes.zip
https://github.com/benbalter/word-to-markdown/archive/master.zip -O benbalter--word-to-markdown.zip
https://github.com/zdavatz/spreadsheet/archive/master.zip -O zdavatz--spreadsheet.zip
https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-assets/archive/master.zip -O jekyll--jekyll-assets.zip
https://github.com/CultivateLabs/storytime/archive/master.zip -O CultivateLabs--storytime.zip
https://github.com/robbin/robbin_site/archive/master.zip -O robbin--robbin_site.zip
https://github.com/rails/pjax_rails/archive/master.zip -O rails--pjax_rails.zip
https://github.com/rtomayko/rack-cache/archive/master.zip -O rtomayko--rack-cache.zip
https://github.com/vigetlabs/gulp-rails-pipeline/archive/master.zip -O vigetlabs--gulp-rails-pipeline.zip
https://github.com/jfahrenkrug/WWDC-Downloader/archive/master.zip -O jfahrenkrug--WWDC-Downloader.zip
https://github.com/DamirSvrtan/fasterer/archive/master.zip -O DamirSvrtan--fasterer.zip
https://github.com/nhmood/watson-ruby/archive/master.zip -O nhmood--watson-ruby.zip
https://github.com/fazibear/colorize/archive/master.zip -O fazibear--colorize.zip
https://github.com/cjohansen/juicer/archive/master.zip -O cjohansen--juicer.zip
https://github.com/wycats/rack-offline/archive/master.zip -O wycats--rack-offline.zip
https://github.com/alexch/rerun/archive/master.zip -O alexch--rerun.zip
https://github.com/dryruby/rack-throttle/archive/master.zip -O dryruby--rack-throttle.zip
https://github.com/thekompanee/fuubar/archive/master.zip -O thekompanee--fuubar.zip
https://github.com/Parallels/vagrant-parallels/archive/master.zip -O Parallels--vagrant-parallels.zip
https://github.com/leshill/handlebars_assets/archive/master.zip -O leshill--handlebars_assets.zip
https://github.com/maccman/bowline/archive/master.zip -O maccman--bowline.zip
https://github.com/apotonick/apotomo/archive/master.zip -O apotonick--apotomo.zip
https://github.com/SchemaPlus/schema_plus/archive/master.zip -O SchemaPlus--schema_plus.zip
https://github.com/rails/cache_digests/archive/master.zip -O rails--cache_digests.zip
https://github.com/excid3/simple_calendar/archive/master.zip -O excid3--simple_calendar.zip
https://github.com/makaroni4/sandi_meter/archive/master.zip -O makaroni4--sandi_meter.zip
https://github.com/bokmann/business_time/archive/master.zip -O bokmann--business_time.zip
https://github.com/rails/activeresource/archive/master.zip -O rails--activeresource.zip
https://github.com/gjtorikian/html-proofer/archive/master.zip -O gjtorikian--html-proofer.zip
https://github.com/HipByte/RubyMotion/archive/master.zip -O HipByte--RubyMotion.zip
https://github.com/rails/jquery-rails/archive/master.zip -O rails--jquery-rails.zip
https://github.com/SergioFierens/ai4r/archive/master.zip -O SergioFierens--ai4r.zip
https://github.com/danchoi/vmail/archive/master.zip -O danchoi--vmail.zip
https://github.com/colinta/teacup/archive/master.zip -O colinta--teacup.zip
https://github.com/hirefire/hirefire/archive/master.zip -O hirefire--hirefire.zip
https://github.com/igrigorik/http-2/archive/master.zip -O igrigorik--http-2.zip
https://github.com/travis-ci/travis.rb/archive/master.zip -O travis-ci--travis.rb.zip
https://github.com/riak-ripple/ripple/archive/master.zip -O riak-ripple--ripple.zip
https://github.com/chef-cookbooks/docker/archive/master.zip -O chef-cookbooks--docker.zip
https://github.com/clayallsopp/formotion/archive/master.zip -O clayallsopp--formotion.zip
https://github.com/mixonic/ranked-model/archive/master.zip -O mixonic--ranked-model.zip
https://github.com/jasmine/jasmine-gem/archive/master.zip -O jasmine--jasmine-gem.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/flutie/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--flutie.zip
https://github.com/ngauthier/tubesock/archive/master.zip -O ngauthier--tubesock.zip
https://github.com/ruhoh/ruhoh.rb/archive/master.zip -O ruhoh--ruhoh.rb.zip
https://github.com/thoughtworks/cruisecontrol.rb/archive/master.zip -O thoughtworks--cruisecontrol.rb.zip
https://github.com/harrystech/prelaunchr/archive/master.zip -O harrystech--prelaunchr.zip
https://github.com/aderyabin/rove/archive/master.zip -O aderyabin--rove.zip
https://github.com/daqing/rabel/archive/master.zip -O daqing--rabel.zip
https://github.com/rafaelfranca/simple_form-bootstrap/archive/master.zip -O rafaelfranca--simple_form-bootstrap.zip
https://github.com/interagent/pliny/archive/master.zip -O interagent--pliny.zip
https://github.com/rgeo/rgeo/archive/master.zip -O rgeo--rgeo.zip
https://github.com/elight/acts_as_commentable_with_threading/archive/master.zip -O elight--acts_as_commentable_with_threading.zip
https://github.com/noahhl/batsd/archive/master.zip -O noahhl--batsd.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/ember-cli-rails/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--ember-cli-rails.zip
https://github.com/masuidrive/open-wripe/archive/master.zip -O masuidrive--open-wripe.zip
https://github.com/ko1/pretty_backtrace/archive/master.zip -O ko1--pretty_backtrace.zip
https://github.com/kbparagua/paloma/archive/master.zip -O kbparagua--paloma.zip
https://github.com/weppos/breadcrumbs_on_rails/archive/master.zip -O weppos--breadcrumbs_on_rails.zip
https://github.com/juuso/BozoCrack/archive/master.zip -O juuso--BozoCrack.zip
https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-services/archive/master.zip -O Homebrew--homebrew-services.zip
https://github.com/kovyrin/db-charmer/archive/master.zip -O kovyrin--db-charmer.zip
https://github.com/SamSaffron/memory_profiler/archive/master.zip -O SamSaffron--memory_profiler.zip
https://github.com/Fingertips/passengerpane/archive/master.zip -O Fingertips--passengerpane.zip
https://github.com/chiliproject/chiliproject/archive/master.zip -O chiliproject--chiliproject.zip
https://github.com/RailsApps/rails3-application-templates/archive/master.zip -O RailsApps--rails3-application-templates.zip
https://github.com/tombh/peas/archive/master.zip -O tombh--peas.zip
https://github.com/jimweirich/rspec-given/archive/master.zip -O jimweirich--rspec-given.zip
https://github.com/SlatherOrg/slather/archive/master.zip -O SlatherOrg--slather.zip
https://github.com/celluloid/dcell/archive/master.zip -O celluloid--dcell.zip
https://github.com/KKBOX/FireApp/archive/master.zip -O KKBOX--FireApp.zip
https://github.com/mdp/rotp/archive/master.zip -O mdp--rotp.zip
https://github.com/igrigorik/em-proxy/archive/master.zip -O igrigorik--em-proxy.zip
https://github.com/activerecord-hackery/meta_where/archive/master.zip -O activerecord-hackery--meta_where.zip
https://github.com/ianks/octodown/archive/master.zip -O ianks--octodown.zip
https://github.com/treasure-data/serverengine/archive/master.zip -O treasure-data--serverengine.zip
https://github.com/kylejginavan/youtube_it/archive/master.zip -O kylejginavan--youtube_it.zip
https://github.com/flapjack/flapjack/archive/master.zip -O flapjack--flapjack.zip
https://github.com/browserify-rails/browserify-rails/archive/master.zip -O browserify-rails--browserify-rails.zip
https://github.com/lardawge/carrierwave_backgrounder/archive/master.zip -O lardawge--carrierwave_backgrounder.zip
https://github.com/cardmagic/contacts/archive/master.zip -O cardmagic--contacts.zip
https://github.com/zapnap/resque_mailer/archive/master.zip -O zapnap--resque_mailer.zip
https://github.com/rubychan/coderay/archive/master.zip -O rubychan--coderay.zip
https://github.com/jqr/heroku_san/archive/master.zip -O jqr--heroku_san.zip
https://github.com/molybdenum-99/reality/archive/master.zip -O molybdenum-99--reality.zip
https://github.com/Shopify/shopify_theme/archive/master.zip -O Shopify--shopify_theme.zip
https://github.com/elcuervo/minuteman/archive/master.zip -O elcuervo--minuteman.zip
https://github.com/danielpclark/faster_path/archive/master.zip -O danielpclark--faster_path.zip
https://github.com/github-archive/dat-science/archive/master.zip -O github-archive--dat-science.zip
https://github.com/Compass/compass-rails/archive/master.zip -O Compass--compass-rails.zip
