https://github.com/pokle/cassandra/archive/master.zip -O pokle--cassandra.zip
https://github.com/OpenHFT/OpenHFT/archive/master.zip -O OpenHFT--OpenHFT.zip
https://github.com/aespinosa/docker-jenkins/archive/master.zip -O aespinosa--docker-jenkins.zip
https://github.com/stark/siji/archive/master.zip -O stark--siji.zip
https://github.com/elementary/icons/archive/master.zip -O elementary--icons.zip
https://github.com/ptb/Complete-macOS-Setup/archive/master.zip -O ptb--Complete-macOS-Setup.zip
https://github.com/treeder/go/archive/master.zip -O treeder--go.zip
https://github.com/zbal/zabbix/archive/master.zip -O zbal--zabbix.zip
https://github.com/EnterpriseDB/pg_nosql_benchmark/archive/master.zip -O EnterpriseDB--pg_nosql_benchmark.zip
https://github.com/cal/vagrant-ubuntu-precise-64/archive/master.zip -O cal--vagrant-ubuntu-precise-64.zip
https://github.com/pr1ntf/iohyve/archive/master.zip -O pr1ntf--iohyve.zip
https://github.com/mgutz/vpsbench/archive/master.zip -O mgutz--vpsbench.zip
https://github.com/cmoudy/mean-vagrant/archive/master.zip -O cmoudy--mean-vagrant.zip
https://github.com/jackdb/pg-app-dev-vm/archive/master.zip -O jackdb--pg-app-dev-vm.zip
https://github.com/mietek/halcyon/archive/master.zip -O mietek--halcyon.zip
https://github.com/matthewmccullough/dotfiles/archive/master.zip -O matthewmccullough--dotfiles.zip
https://github.com/asb/raspi-config/archive/master.zip -O asb--raspi-config.zip
https://github.com/William-Yeh/docker-workshop/archive/master.zip -O William-Yeh--docker-workshop.zip
https://github.com/offensive-security/kali-linux-recipes/archive/master.zip -O offensive-security--kali-linux-recipes.zip
https://github.com/paulkogel/redux-offline-docs/archive/master.zip -O paulkogel--redux-offline-docs.zip
https://github.com/GaryJones/wordpress-plugin-git-flow-svn-deploy/archive/master.zip -O GaryJones--wordpress-plugin-git-flow-svn-deploy.zip
https://github.com/neilorangepeel/Free-Social-Icons/archive/master.zip -O neilorangepeel--Free-Social-Icons.zip
https://github.com/Goles/Battery/archive/master.zip -O Goles--Battery.zip
https://github.com/radiac/caman/archive/master.zip -O radiac--caman.zip
https://github.com/overshard/docker-minecraft/archive/master.zip -O overshard--docker-minecraft.zip
https://github.com/OpenSCAP/container-compliance/archive/master.zip -O OpenSCAP--container-compliance.zip
https://github.com/djanowski/hasp/archive/master.zip -O djanowski--hasp.zip
https://github.com/klange/taylor/archive/master.zip -O klange--taylor.zip
https://github.com/slimm609/checksec.sh/archive/master.zip -O slimm609--checksec.sh.zip
https://github.com/geerlingguy/macos-virtualbox-vm/archive/master.zip -O geerlingguy--macos-virtualbox-vm.zip
https://github.com/zekunyan/TTGEmojiRate/archive/master.zip -O zekunyan--TTGEmojiRate.zip
https://github.com/sammcj/delete-unknown-root-ca/archive/master.zip -O sammcj--delete-unknown-root-ca.zip
https://github.com/dockerfile/mongodb/archive/master.zip -O dockerfile--mongodb.zip
https://github.com/neonichu/chswift/archive/master.zip -O neonichu--chswift.zip
https://github.com/spicycode/ze-best-zsh-config/archive/master.zip -O spicycode--ze-best-zsh-config.zip
https://github.com/w3ctag/promises-guide/archive/master.zip -O w3ctag--promises-guide.zip
https://github.com/heroku/heroku-buildpack-pgbouncer/archive/master.zip -O heroku--heroku-buildpack-pgbouncer.zip
https://github.com/neurocyte/ghc-android/archive/master.zip -O neurocyte--ghc-android.zip
https://github.com/mvanholsteijn/strip-docker-image/archive/master.zip -O mvanholsteijn--strip-docker-image.zip
https://github.com/lutris/lutris/archive/master.zip -O lutris--lutris.zip
https://github.com/google/cityhash/archive/master.zip -O google--cityhash.zip
https://github.com/drwahl/puppet-git-hooks/archive/master.zip -O drwahl--puppet-git-hooks.zip
https://github.com/haosdent/s/archive/master.zip -O haosdent--s.zip
https://github.com/stephenh/git-central/archive/master.zip -O stephenh--git-central.zip
https://github.com/wmluke/dokku-domains-plugin/archive/master.zip -O wmluke--dokku-domains-plugin.zip
https://github.com/KnpLabs/symfony2-autocomplete/archive/master.zip -O KnpLabs--symfony2-autocomplete.zip
https://github.com/scop/bash-completion/archive/master.zip -O scop--bash-completion.zip
https://github.com/airtonix/ansible-django/archive/master.zip -O airtonix--ansible-django.zip
https://github.com/tianon/docker-brew-ubuntu-core/archive/master.zip -O tianon--docker-brew-ubuntu-core.zip
https://github.com/masterkain/ImageMagick-sl/archive/master.zip -O masterkain--ImageMagick-sl.zip
https://github.com/conceptsandtraining/modernie_selenium/archive/master.zip -O conceptsandtraining--modernie_selenium.zip
https://github.com/lujun9972/emacs-document/archive/master.zip -O lujun9972--emacs-document.zip
https://github.com/zfsnap/zfsnap/archive/master.zip -O zfsnap--zfsnap.zip
https://github.com/ryandotsmith/null-buildpack/archive/master.zip -O ryandotsmith--null-buildpack.zip
https://github.com/kvz/cronlock/archive/master.zip -O kvz--cronlock.zip
https://github.com/poliva/random-scripts/archive/master.zip -O poliva--random-scripts.zip
https://github.com/coreos/toolbox/archive/master.zip -O coreos--toolbox.zip
https://github.com/SilverFoxx/PwnSTAR/archive/master.zip -O SilverFoxx--PwnSTAR.zip
https://github.com/denysdovhan/spaceship-zsh-theme/archive/master.zip -O denysdovhan--spaceship-zsh-theme.zip
https://github.com/jradavenport/batlog/archive/master.zip -O jradavenport--batlog.zip
https://github.com/felixr/docker-zsh-completion/archive/master.zip -O felixr--docker-zsh-completion.zip
https://github.com/jreinke/modgit/archive/master.zip -O jreinke--modgit.zip
https://github.com/rear/rear/archive/master.zip -O rear--rear.zip
https://github.com/docker/swarm-frontends/archive/master.zip -O docker--swarm-frontends.zip
https://github.com/rezzza/dcw/archive/master.zip -O rezzza--dcw.zip
https://github.com/cyphunk/humanism.sh/archive/master.zip -O cyphunk--humanism.sh.zip
https://github.com/xuxiaodong/tmuxen/archive/master.zip -O xuxiaodong--tmuxen.zip
https://github.com/crazy-max/csgo-server-launcher/archive/master.zip -O crazy-max--csgo-server-launcher.zip
https://github.com/alecive/FlatWoken/archive/master.zip -O alecive--FlatWoken.zip
https://github.com/heroku/heroku-buildpack-scala/archive/master.zip -O heroku--heroku-buildpack-scala.zip
https://github.com/metral/corekube/archive/master.zip -O metral--corekube.zip
https://github.com/coreos/coreos-overlay/archive/master.zip -O coreos--coreos-overlay.zip
https://github.com/MariusQuabeck/magic-device-tool/archive/master.zip -O MariusQuabeck--magic-device-tool.zip
https://github.com/Whonix/Whonix/archive/master.zip -O Whonix--Whonix.zip
https://github.com/hectcastro/docker-riak/archive/master.zip -O hectcastro--docker-riak.zip
https://github.com/oscm/shell/archive/master.zip -O oscm--shell.zip
https://github.com/neeasade/dotfiles/archive/master.zip -O neeasade--dotfiles.zip
https://github.com/shyiko/commacd/archive/master.zip -O shyiko--commacd.zip
https://github.com/cortexmedia/Beluga/archive/master.zip -O cortexmedia--Beluga.zip
https://github.com/MagerValp/Create-Recovery-Partition-Installer/archive/master.zip -O MagerValp--Create-Recovery-Partition-Installer.zip
https://github.com/jgallen23/mongroup/archive/master.zip -O jgallen23--mongroup.zip
https://github.com/nickjj/rolespec/archive/master.zip -O nickjj--rolespec.zip
https://github.com/engineyard/vertebra/archive/master.zip -O engineyard--vertebra.zip
https://github.com/nazar-pc/docker-webserver/archive/master.zip -O nazar-pc--docker-webserver.zip
https://github.com/TheLocehiliosan/yadm/archive/master.zip -O TheLocehiliosan--yadm.zip
https://github.com/Tarrasch/zsh-autoenv/archive/master.zip -O Tarrasch--zsh-autoenv.zip
https://github.com/sund/auto-gitlab-backup/archive/master.zip -O sund--auto-gitlab-backup.zip
https://github.com/nodejs/docker-iojs/archive/master.zip -O nodejs--docker-iojs.zip
https://github.com/CyberShadow/aconfmgr/archive/master.zip -O CyberShadow--aconfmgr.zip
https://github.com/nccgroup/metasploitavevasion/archive/master.zip -O nccgroup--metasploitavevasion.zip
https://github.com/JohnAlbin/git-svn-migrate/archive/master.zip -O JohnAlbin--git-svn-migrate.zip
https://github.com/docker-library/elasticsearch/archive/master.zip -O docker-library--elasticsearch.zip
https://github.com/dockerfile/redis/archive/master.zip -O dockerfile--redis.zip
https://github.com/shincoder/homestead-docker/archive/master.zip -O shincoder--homestead-docker.zip
https://github.com/grayhemp/pgcookbook/archive/master.zip -O grayhemp--pgcookbook.zip
https://github.com/smurfmonitor/dns-iptables-rules/archive/master.zip -O smurfmonitor--dns-iptables-rules.zip
https://github.com/cytopia/ffscreencast/archive/master.zip -O cytopia--ffscreencast.zip
https://github.com/trick77/ipset-blacklist/archive/master.zip -O trick77--ipset-blacklist.zip
https://github.com/cloudbuilders/devstack/archive/master.zip -O cloudbuilders--devstack.zip
https://github.com/Thinstation/thinstation/archive/master.zip -O Thinstation--thinstation.zip
https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh/archive/master.zip -O robbyrussell--oh-my-zsh.zip
https://github.com/nvie/gitflow/archive/master.zip -O nvie--gitflow.zip
https://github.com/creationix/nvm/archive/master.zip -O creationix--nvm.zip
https://github.com/mathiasbynens/dotfiles/archive/master.zip -O mathiasbynens--dotfiles.zip
https://github.com/open-guides/og-aws/archive/master.zip -O open-guides--og-aws.zip
https://github.com/dokku/dokku/archive/master.zip -O dokku--dokku.zip
https://github.com/xdissent/ievms/archive/master.zip -O xdissent--ievms.zip
https://github.com/tj/git-extras/archive/master.zip -O tj--git-extras.zip
https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv/archive/master.zip -O rbenv--rbenv.zip
https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/archive/master.zip -O sorin-ionescu--prezto.zip
https://github.com/fish-shell/fish-shell/archive/master.zip -O fish-shell--fish-shell.zip
https://github.com/powerline/fonts/archive/master.zip -O powerline--fonts.zip
https://github.com/boot2docker/boot2docker/archive/master.zip -O boot2docker--boot2docker.zip
https://github.com/babun/babun/archive/master.zip -O babun--babun.zip
https://github.com/guarinogabriel/Mac-CLI/archive/master.zip -O guarinogabriel--Mac-CLI.zip
https://github.com/rupa/z/archive/master.zip -O rupa--z.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/laptop/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--laptop.zip
https://github.com/yyuu/pyenv/archive/master.zip -O yyuu--pyenv.zip
https://github.com/tj/n/archive/master.zip -O tj--n.zip
https://github.com/Bash-it/bash-it/archive/master.zip -O Bash-it--bash-it.zip
https://github.com/rgcr/m-cli/archive/master.zip -O rgcr--m-cli.zip
https://github.com/alexa/alexa-avs-sample-app/archive/master.zip -O alexa--alexa-avs-sample-app.zip
https://github.com/dnschneid/crouton/archive/master.zip -O dnschneid--crouton.zip
https://github.com/snowdream/awesome-android/archive/master.zip -O snowdream--awesome-android.zip
https://github.com/holman/spark/archive/master.zip -O holman--spark.zip
https://github.com/Gazler/githug/archive/master.zip -O Gazler--githug.zip
https://github.com/rancher/rancher/archive/master.zip -O rancher--rancher.zip
https://github.com/NodeOS/NodeOS/archive/master.zip -O NodeOS--NodeOS.zip
https://github.com/andreafabrizi/Dropbox-Uploader/archive/master.zip -O andreafabrizi--Dropbox-Uploader.zip
https://github.com/holman/dotfiles/archive/master.zip -O holman--dotfiles.zip
https://github.com/jedi4ever/veewee/archive/master.zip -O jedi4ever--veewee.zip
https://github.com/jayphelps/git-blame-someone-else/archive/master.zip -O jayphelps--git-blame-someone-else.zip
https://github.com/jwilder/nginx-proxy/archive/master.zip -O jwilder--nginx-proxy.zip
https://github.com/p8952/bocker/archive/master.zip -O p8952--bocker.zip
https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tmux-resurrect/archive/master.zip -O tmux-plugins--tmux-resurrect.zip
https://github.com/thoughtbot/dotfiles/archive/master.zip -O thoughtbot--dotfiles.zip
https://github.com/ansible/ansible-examples/archive/master.zip -O ansible--ansible-examples.zip
https://github.com/Varying-Vagrant-Vagrants/VVV/archive/master.zip -O Varying-Vagrant-Vagrants--VVV.zip
https://github.com/rvm/rvm/archive/master.zip -O rvm--rvm.zip
https://github.com/Russell91/sshrc/archive/master.zip -O Russell91--sshrc.zip
https://github.com/gliderlabs/docker-alpine/archive/master.zip -O gliderlabs--docker-alpine.zip
https://github.com/RetroPie/RetroPie-Setup/archive/master.zip -O RetroPie--RetroPie-Setup.zip
https://github.com/sameersbn/docker-gitlab/archive/master.zip -O sameersbn--docker-gitlab.zip
https://github.com/sstephenson/bats/archive/master.zip -O sstephenson--bats.zip
https://github.com/dotnet/core/archive/master.zip -O dotnet--core.zip
https://github.com/jessfraz/dockerfiles/archive/master.zip -O jessfraz--dockerfiles.zip
https://github.com/StackExchange/blackbox/archive/master.zip -O StackExchange--blackbox.zip
https://github.com/txthinking/google-hosts/archive/master.zip -O txthinking--google-hosts.zip
https://github.com/kennethreitz/autoenv/archive/master.zip -O kennethreitz--autoenv.zip
https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting/archive/master.zip -O zsh-users--zsh-syntax-highlighting.zip
https://github.com/git-ftp/git-ftp/archive/master.zip -O git-ftp--git-ftp.zip
https://github.com/belluzj/fantasque-sans/archive/master.zip -O belluzj--fantasque-sans.zip
https://github.com/nojhan/liquidprompt/archive/master.zip -O nojhan--liquidprompt.zip
https://github.com/brendangregg/perf-tools/archive/master.zip -O brendangregg--perf-tools.zip
https://github.com/clvv/fasd/archive/master.zip -O clvv--fasd.zip
https://github.com/ginatrapani/todo.txt-cli/archive/master.zip -O ginatrapani--todo.txt-cli.zip
https://github.com/Nyr/openvpn-install/archive/master.zip -O Nyr--openvpn-install.zip
https://github.com/yeasy/docker_practice/archive/master.zip -O yeasy--docker_practice.zip
https://github.com/basho/riak/archive/master.zip -O basho--riak.zip
https://github.com/osxfuse/osxfuse/archive/master.zip -O osxfuse--osxfuse.zip
https://github.com/zolrath/wemux/archive/master.zip -O zolrath--wemux.zip
https://github.com/rbenv/ruby-build/archive/master.zip -O rbenv--ruby-build.zip
https://github.com/zsh-users/antigen/archive/master.zip -O zsh-users--antigen.zip
https://github.com/jpetazzo/pipework/archive/master.zip -O jpetazzo--pipework.zip
https://github.com/chubin/wttr.in/archive/master.zip -O chubin--wttr.in.zip
https://github.com/michaeldfallen/git-radar/archive/master.zip -O michaeldfallen--git-radar.zip
https://github.com/magicmonty/bash-git-prompt/archive/master.zip -O magicmonty--bash-git-prompt.zip
https://github.com/moovweb/gvm/archive/master.zip -O moovweb--gvm.zip
https://github.com/nicolashery/mac-dev-setup/archive/master.zip -O nicolashery--mac-dev-setup.zip
https://github.com/lukas2511/dehydrated/archive/master.zip -O lukas2511--dehydrated.zip
https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tpm/archive/master.zip -O tmux-plugins--tpm.zip
https://github.com/sindresorhus/pure/archive/master.zip -O sindresorhus--pure.zip
https://github.com/arialdomartini/oh-my-git/archive/master.zip -O arialdomartini--oh-my-git.zip
https://github.com/andreamazz/BubbleTransition/archive/master.zip -O andreamazz--BubbleTransition.zip
https://github.com/JamieMason/ImageOptim-CLI/archive/master.zip -O JamieMason--ImageOptim-CLI.zip
https://github.com/rauchg/wifi-password/archive/master.zip -O rauchg--wifi-password.zip
https://github.com/jkaving/intellij-colors-solarized/archive/master.zip -O jkaving--intellij-colors-solarized.zip
https://github.com/erikw/tmux-powerline/archive/master.zip -O erikw--tmux-powerline.zip
https://github.com/chef/bento/archive/master.zip -O chef--bento.zip
https://github.com/phusion/passenger-docker/archive/master.zip -O phusion--passenger-docker.zip
https://github.com/spotify/docker-gc/archive/master.zip -O spotify--docker-gc.zip
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/git-standup/archive/master.zip -O kamranahmedse--git-standup.zip
https://github.com/pi-hole/pi-hole/archive/master.zip -O pi-hole--pi-hole.zip
https://github.com/nodesource/distributions/archive/master.zip -O nodesource--distributions.zip
https://github.com/Khan/style-guides/archive/master.zip -O Khan--style-guides.zip
https://github.com/jamesob/desk/archive/master.zip -O jamesob--desk.zip
https://github.com/postmodern/chruby/archive/master.zip -O postmodern--chruby.zip
https://github.com/bitpay/bitcore/archive/master.zip -O bitpay--bitcore.zip
https://github.com/fideloper/Vaprobash/archive/master.zip -O fideloper--Vaprobash.zip
https://github.com/rails/rails-dev-box/archive/master.zip -O rails--rails-dev-box.zip
https://github.com/hummingbird-me/hummingbird/archive/master.zip -O hummingbird-me--hummingbird.zip
https://github.com/fisherman/fisherman/archive/master.zip -O fisherman--fisherman.zip
https://github.com/docker/docker-bench-security/archive/master.zip -O docker--docker-bench-security.zip
https://github.com/gilesbowkett/rewind/archive/master.zip -O gilesbowkett--rewind.zip
https://github.com/Neilpang/acme.sh/archive/master.zip -O Neilpang--acme.sh.zip
https://github.com/scmbreeze/scm_breeze/archive/master.zip -O scmbreeze--scm_breeze.zip
https://github.com/guysoft/FullPageOS/archive/master.zip -O guysoft--FullPageOS.zip
https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions/archive/master.zip -O zsh-users--zsh-autosuggestions.zip
https://github.com/bobthecow/git-flow-completion/archive/master.zip -O bobthecow--git-flow-completion.zip
https://github.com/docker-library/official-images/archive/master.zip -O docker-library--official-images.zip
https://github.com/petervanderdoes/gitflow-avh/archive/master.zip -O petervanderdoes--gitflow-avh.zip
https://github.com/Anthony25/gnome-terminal-colors-solarized/archive/master.zip -O Anthony25--gnome-terminal-colors-solarized.zip
https://github.com/square/java-code-styles/archive/master.zip -O square--java-code-styles.zip
https://github.com/jpetazzo/nsenter/archive/master.zip -O jpetazzo--nsenter.zip
https://github.com/Azure/azure-quickstart-templates/archive/master.zip -O Azure--azure-quickstart-templates.zip
https://github.com/oh-my-fish/oh-my-fish/archive/master.zip -O oh-my-fish--oh-my-fish.zip
https://github.com/opengapps/opengapps/archive/master.zip -O opengapps--opengapps.zip
https://github.com/transcode-open/apt-cyg/archive/master.zip -O transcode-open--apt-cyg.zip
https://github.com/softwaredownload/openwrt-fanqiang/archive/master.zip -O softwaredownload--openwrt-fanqiang.zip
https://github.com/dominictarr/JSON.sh/archive/master.zip -O dominictarr--JSON.sh.zip
https://github.com/qw3rtman/git-fire/archive/master.zip -O qw3rtman--git-fire.zip
https://github.com/LaraDock/laradock/archive/master.zip -O LaraDock--laradock.zip
https://github.com/kholia/OSX-KVM/archive/master.zip -O kholia--OSX-KVM.zip
https://github.com/Hexxeh/rpi-update/archive/master.zip -O Hexxeh--rpi-update.zip
https://github.com/barryclark/bashstrap/archive/master.zip -O barryclark--bashstrap.zip
https://github.com/ryanmjacobs/c/archive/master.zip -O ryanmjacobs--c.zip
https://github.com/phusion/traveling-ruby/archive/master.zip -O phusion--traveling-ruby.zip
https://github.com/fastos/tcpdive/archive/master.zip -O fastos--tcpdive.zip
https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-completions/archive/master.zip -O zsh-users--zsh-completions.zip
https://github.com/laravel/homestead/archive/master.zip -O laravel--homestead.zip
https://github.com/KittyKatt/screenFetch/archive/master.zip -O KittyKatt--screenFetch.zip
https://github.com/ninjudd/drip/archive/master.zip -O ninjudd--drip.zip
https://github.com/helmuthdu/aui/archive/master.zip -O helmuthdu--aui.zip
https://github.com/simpligility/maven-android-sdk-deployer/archive/master.zip -O simpligility--maven-android-sdk-deployer.zip
https://github.com/openstack-dev/devstack/archive/master.zip -O openstack-dev--devstack.zip
https://github.com/qw3rtman/gg/archive/master.zip -O qw3rtman--gg.zip
https://github.com/jimeh/git-aware-prompt/archive/master.zip -O jimeh--git-aware-prompt.zip
https://github.com/basecamp/sub/archive/master.zip -O basecamp--sub.zip
https://github.com/mrzool/bash-sensible/archive/master.zip -O mrzool--bash-sensible.zip
https://github.com/felixonmars/dnsmasq-china-list/archive/master.zip -O felixonmars--dnsmasq-china-list.zip
https://github.com/gcuisinier/jenv/archive/master.zip -O gcuisinier--jenv.zip
https://github.com/larsenwork/Gidole/archive/master.zip -O larsenwork--Gidole.zip
https://github.com/fcambus/ansiweather/archive/master.zip -O fcambus--ansiweather.zip
https://github.com/dokku-alt/dokku-alt/archive/master.zip -O dokku-alt--dokku-alt.zip
https://github.com/dokterdok/Continuity-Activation-Tool/archive/master.zip -O dokterdok--Continuity-Activation-Tool.zip
https://github.com/brikis98/docker-osx-dev/archive/master.zip -O brikis98--docker-osx-dev.zip
https://github.com/zardus/ctf-tools/archive/master.zip -O zardus--ctf-tools.zip
https://github.com/icefox/git-achievements/archive/master.zip -O icefox--git-achievements.zip
https://github.com/CISOfy/lynis/archive/master.zip -O CISOfy--lynis.zip
https://github.com/smarthosts/smarthosts/archive/master.zip -O smarthosts--smarthosts.zip
https://github.com/RichiH/vcsh/archive/master.zip -O RichiH--vcsh.zip
https://github.com/deviantony/docker-elk/archive/master.zip -O deviantony--docker-elk.zip
https://github.com/micha/jsawk/archive/master.zip -O micha--jsawk.zip
https://github.com/drduh/pwd.sh/archive/master.zip -O drduh--pwd.sh.zip
https://github.com/x2on/OpenSSL-for-iPhone/archive/master.zip -O x2on--OpenSSL-for-iPhone.zip
https://github.com/keyboardsurfer/idea-live-templates/archive/master.zip -O keyboardsurfer--idea-live-templates.zip
https://github.com/kewlbear/FFmpeg-iOS-build-script/archive/master.zip -O kewlbear--FFmpeg-iOS-build-script.zip
https://github.com/oblique/create_ap/archive/master.zip -O oblique--create_ap.zip
https://github.com/niieani/bash-oo-framework/archive/master.zip -O niieani--bash-oo-framework.zip
https://github.com/kylemanna/docker-openvpn/archive/master.zip -O kylemanna--docker-openvpn.zip
https://github.com/DreaminginCodeZH/MaterialColdStart/archive/master.zip -O DreaminginCodeZH--MaterialColdStart.zip
https://github.com/progrium/gitreceive/archive/master.zip -O progrium--gitreceive.zip
https://github.com/apenwarr/git-subtree/archive/master.zip -O apenwarr--git-subtree.zip
https://github.com/paz-sh/paz/archive/master.zip -O paz-sh--paz.zip
https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/docker-selenium/archive/master.zip -O SeleniumHQ--docker-selenium.zip
https://github.com/kylef/swiftenv/archive/master.zip -O kylef--swiftenv.zip
https://github.com/themattrix/bash-concurrent/archive/master.zip -O themattrix--bash-concurrent.zip
https://github.com/postmodern/ruby-install/archive/master.zip -O postmodern--ruby-install.zip
https://github.com/Juude/droidReverse/archive/master.zip -O Juude--droidReverse.zip
https://github.com/lanceseidman/PiCAST/archive/master.zip -O lanceseidman--PiCAST.zip
https://github.com/noplay/docker-osx/archive/master.zip -O noplay--docker-osx.zip
https://github.com/hwdsl2/setup-ipsec-vpn/archive/master.zip -O hwdsl2--setup-ipsec-vpn.zip
https://github.com/mchav/with/archive/master.zip -O mchav--with.zip
https://github.com/looly/elasticsearch-definitive-guide-cn/archive/master.zip -O looly--elasticsearch-definitive-guide-cn.zip
https://github.com/lj2007331/lnmp/archive/master.zip -O lj2007331--lnmp.zip
https://github.com/chadoe/docker-cleanup-volumes/archive/master.zip -O chadoe--docker-cleanup-volumes.zip
https://github.com/h5bp/ant-build-script/archive/master.zip -O h5bp--ant-build-script.zip
https://github.com/shellfire-dev/shellfire/archive/master.zip -O shellfire-dev--shellfire.zip
https://github.com/pote/gpm/archive/master.zip -O pote--gpm.zip
https://github.com/warpling/Macmoji/archive/master.zip -O warpling--Macmoji.zip
https://github.com/zhuangbiaowei/learn-with-open-source/archive/master.zip -O zhuangbiaowei--learn-with-open-source.zip
https://github.com/joeyh/etckeeper/archive/master.zip -O joeyh--etckeeper.zip
https://github.com/kadirahq/mantra/archive/master.zip -O kadirahq--mantra.zip
https://github.com/HazyResearch/deepdive/archive/master.zip -O HazyResearch--deepdive.zip
https://github.com/huyng/bashmarks/archive/master.zip -O huyng--bashmarks.zip
https://github.com/adobe-fonts/source-serif-pro/archive/master.zip -O adobe-fonts--source-serif-pro.zip
https://github.com/debian-pi/raspbian-ua-netinst/archive/master.zip -O debian-pi--raspbian-ua-netinst.zip
https://github.com/awslabs/git-secrets/archive/master.zip -O awslabs--git-secrets.zip
https://github.com/jpetazzo/dind/archive/master.zip -O jpetazzo--dind.zip
https://github.com/drwetter/testssl.sh/archive/master.zip -O drwetter--testssl.sh.zip
https://github.com/91yun/serverspeeder/archive/master.zip -O 91yun--serverspeeder.zip
https://github.com/sjl/learnvimscriptthehardway/archive/master.zip -O sjl--learnvimscriptthehardway.zip
https://github.com/yyuu/pyenv-virtualenv/archive/master.zip -O yyuu--pyenv-virtualenv.zip
https://github.com/leucos/ansible-tuto/archive/master.zip -O leucos--ansible-tuto.zip
https://github.com/isaacs/nave/archive/master.zip -O isaacs--nave.zip
https://github.com/andsens/homeshick/archive/master.zip -O andsens--homeshick.zip
https://github.com/docker-library/docs/archive/master.zip -O docker-library--docs.zip
https://github.com/tomav/docker-mailserver/archive/master.zip -O tomav--docker-mailserver.zip
https://github.com/gliderlabs/docker-consul/archive/master.zip -O gliderlabs--docker-consul.zip
https://github.com/JrCs/docker-letsencrypt-nginx-proxy-companion/archive/master.zip -O JrCs--docker-letsencrypt-nginx-proxy-companion.zip
https://github.com/andreasgal/B2G/archive/master.zip -O andreasgal--B2G.zip
https://github.com/bhilburn/powerlevel9k/archive/master.zip -O bhilburn--powerlevel9k.zip
https://github.com/visionmedia/deploy/archive/master.zip -O visionmedia--deploy.zip
https://github.com/lewagon/dotfiles/archive/master.zip -O lewagon--dotfiles.zip
https://github.com/fizx/parsley/archive/master.zip -O fizx--parsley.zip
https://github.com/lifetyper/FreeRouter_V2/archive/master.zip -O lifetyper--FreeRouter_V2.zip
https://github.com/tylertreat/chan/archive/master.zip -O tylertreat--chan.zip
https://github.com/colinbjohnson/aws-missing-tools/archive/master.zip -O colinbjohnson--aws-missing-tools.zip
https://github.com/HIT-Alibaba/interview/archive/master.zip -O HIT-Alibaba--interview.zip
https://github.com/zplug/zplug/archive/master.zip -O zplug--zplug.zip
https://github.com/simonwhitaker/gibo/archive/master.zip -O simonwhitaker--gibo.zip
https://github.com/threatstream/mhn/archive/master.zip -O threatstream--mhn.zip
https://github.com/sickill/git-dude/archive/master.zip -O sickill--git-dude.zip
https://github.com/esnet/iperf/archive/master.zip -O esnet--iperf.zip
https://github.com/dabeaz/python-cookbook/archive/master.zip -O dabeaz--python-cookbook.zip
https://github.com/sickill/bitpocket/archive/master.zip -O sickill--bitpocket.zip
https://github.com/GameServerManagers/LinuxGSM/archive/master.zip -O GameServerManagers--LinuxGSM.zip
https://github.com/laurent22/rsync-time-backup/archive/master.zip -O laurent22--rsync-time-backup.zip
https://github.com/ohoachuck/wwdc-downloader/archive/master.zip -O ohoachuck--wwdc-downloader.zip
https://github.com/bradp/vv/archive/master.zip -O bradp--vv.zip
https://github.com/dylanaraps/neofetch/archive/master.zip -O dylanaraps--neofetch.zip
https://github.com/philcryer/lipsync/archive/master.zip -O philcryer--lipsync.zip
https://github.com/OpenVPN/easy-rsa/archive/master.zip -O OpenVPN--easy-rsa.zip
https://github.com/mozilla-b2g/B2G/archive/master.zip -O mozilla-b2g--B2G.zip
https://github.com/mozilla/cipherscan/archive/master.zip -O mozilla--cipherscan.zip
https://github.com/jonathanpenn/ui-screen-shooter/archive/master.zip -O jonathanpenn--ui-screen-shooter.zip
https://github.com/ioerror/duraconf/archive/master.zip -O ioerror--duraconf.zip
https://github.com/beautifulcode/ssh-copy-id-for-OSX/archive/master.zip -O beautifulcode--ssh-copy-id-for-OSX.zip
https://github.com/gerhard/deliver/archive/master.zip -O gerhard--deliver.zip
https://github.com/kvz/bash3boilerplate/archive/master.zip -O kvz--bash3boilerplate.zip
https://github.com/biezhi/java-bible/archive/master.zip -O biezhi--java-bible.zip
https://github.com/ddollar/heroku-buildpack-multi/archive/master.zip -O ddollar--heroku-buildpack-multi.zip
https://github.com/github/scripts-to-rule-them-all/archive/master.zip -O github--scripts-to-rule-them-all.zip
https://github.com/nodejs/docker-node/archive/master.zip -O nodejs--docker-node.zip
https://github.com/windelicato/dotfiles/archive/master.zip -O windelicato--dotfiles.zip
https://github.com/sudeepag/SAConfettiView/archive/master.zip -O sudeepag--SAConfettiView.zip
https://github.com/tursunovic/xcode-themes/archive/master.zip -O tursunovic--xcode-themes.zip
https://github.com/guardianproject/android-ffmpeg/archive/master.zip -O guardianproject--android-ffmpeg.zip
https://github.com/kerl/kerl/archive/master.zip -O kerl--kerl.zip
https://github.com/geerlingguy/drupal-vm/archive/master.zip -O geerlingguy--drupal-vm.zip
https://github.com/ftao/vpn-deploy-playbook/archive/master.zip -O ftao--vpn-deploy-playbook.zip
https://github.com/mathiasbynens/evil.sh/archive/master.zip -O mathiasbynens--evil.sh.zip
https://github.com/antonym/netboot.xyz/archive/master.zip -O antonym--netboot.xyz.zip
https://github.com/bpkg/bpkg/archive/master.zip -O bpkg--bpkg.zip
https://github.com/subtleGradient/Appify-UI/archive/master.zip -O subtleGradient--Appify-UI.zip
https://github.com/driftyco/ionic-box/archive/master.zip -O driftyco--ionic-box.zip
https://github.com/jeremyFreeAgent/oh-my-zsh-powerline-theme/archive/master.zip -O jeremyFreeAgent--oh-my-zsh-powerline-theme.zip
https://github.com/avleen/bashttpd/archive/master.zip -O avleen--bashttpd.zip
https://github.com/mrowa44/emojify/archive/master.zip -O mrowa44--emojify.zip
https://github.com/heroku/heroku-buildpack-nodejs/archive/master.zip -O heroku--heroku-buildpack-nodejs.zip
https://github.com/paulirish/git-open/archive/master.zip -O paulirish--git-open.zip
https://github.com/begriffs/haskell-vim-now/archive/master.zip -O begriffs--haskell-vim-now.zip
https://github.com/jclem/gifify/archive/master.zip -O jclem--gifify.zip
https://github.com/rogaha/docker-desktop/archive/master.zip -O rogaha--docker-desktop.zip
https://github.com/jakubnabrdalik/gitkurwa/archive/master.zip -O jakubnabrdalik--gitkurwa.zip
https://github.com/dsixda/Android-Kitchen/archive/master.zip -O dsixda--Android-Kitchen.zip
https://github.com/awesome-lists/awesome-bash/archive/master.zip -O awesome-lists--awesome-bash.zip
https://github.com/CentOS/CentOS-Dockerfiles/archive/master.zip -O CentOS--CentOS-Dockerfiles.zip
https://github.com/icefox/git-hooks/archive/master.zip -O icefox--git-hooks.zip
https://github.com/eugeneware/docker-wordpress-nginx/archive/master.zip -O eugeneware--docker-wordpress-nginx.zip
https://github.com/crowbar/crowbar/archive/master.zip -O crowbar--crowbar.zip
https://github.com/brson/multirust/archive/master.zip -O brson--multirust.zip
https://github.com/judasn/Linux-Tutorial/archive/master.zip -O judasn--Linux-Tutorial.zip
https://github.com/coreos/docs/archive/master.zip -O coreos--docs.zip
https://github.com/pristineio/webrtc-build-scripts/archive/master.zip -O pristineio--webrtc-build-scripts.zip
https://github.com/discourse/discourse_docker/archive/master.zip -O discourse--discourse_docker.zip
https://github.com/flexiondotorg/oab-java6/archive/master.zip -O flexiondotorg--oab-java6.zip
https://github.com/ingydotnet/git-subrepo/archive/master.zip -O ingydotnet--git-subrepo.zip
https://github.com/neologd/mecab-ipadic-neologd/archive/master.zip -O neologd--mecab-ipadic-neologd.zip
https://github.com/ingydotnet/git-hub/archive/master.zip -O ingydotnet--git-hub.zip
https://github.com/rasa/vmware-tools-patches/archive/master.zip -O rasa--vmware-tools-patches.zip
https://github.com/poststatus/wptest/archive/master.zip -O poststatus--wptest.zip
https://github.com/jcalazan/ansible-django-stack/archive/master.zip -O jcalazan--ansible-django-stack.zip
https://github.com/arnoo/git-deliver/archive/master.zip -O arnoo--git-deliver.zip
https://github.com/authy/authy-ssh/archive/master.zip -O authy--authy-ssh.zip
https://github.com/rtomayko/git-sh/archive/master.zip -O rtomayko--git-sh.zip
https://github.com/deltaxflux/fluxion/archive/master.zip -O deltaxflux--fluxion.zip
https://github.com/msmhq/msm/archive/master.zip -O msmhq--msm.zip
https://github.com/supercrabtree/k/archive/master.zip -O supercrabtree--k.zip
https://github.com/gabrielelana/awesome-terminal-fonts/archive/master.zip -O gabrielelana--awesome-terminal-fonts.zip
https://github.com/php-build/php-build/archive/master.zip -O php-build--php-build.zip
https://github.com/ServiceStack/redis-windows/archive/master.zip -O ServiceStack--redis-windows.zip
https://github.com/BlackArch/blackarch/archive/master.zip -O BlackArch--blackarch.zip
https://github.com/twolfson/sexy-bash-prompt/archive/master.zip -O twolfson--sexy-bash-prompt.zip
https://github.com/chovy/node-startup/archive/master.zip -O chovy--node-startup.zip
https://github.com/seebi/tmux-colors-solarized/archive/master.zip -O seebi--tmux-colors-solarized.zip
https://github.com/timsutton/osx-vm-templates/archive/master.zip -O timsutton--osx-vm-templates.zip
https://github.com/jneen/balls/archive/master.zip -O jneen--balls.zip
https://github.com/hwdsl2/docker-ipsec-vpn-server/archive/master.zip -O hwdsl2--docker-ipsec-vpn-server.zip
https://github.com/asdf-vm/asdf/archive/master.zip -O asdf-vm--asdf.zip
https://github.com/tarjoilija/zgen/archive/master.zip -O tarjoilija--zgen.zip
https://github.com/qw3rtman/p/archive/master.zip -O qw3rtman--p.zip
https://github.com/mislav/dotfiles/archive/master.zip -O mislav--dotfiles.zip
https://github.com/jimeh/tmuxifier/archive/master.zip -O jimeh--tmuxifier.zip
https://github.com/colinmollenhour/modman/archive/master.zip -O colinmollenhour--modman.zip
https://github.com/LiuLang/bcloud-packages/archive/master.zip -O LiuLang--bcloud-packages.zip
https://github.com/fhd/init-script-template/archive/master.zip -O fhd--init-script-template.zip
https://github.com/Russell91/runcython/archive/master.zip -O Russell91--runcython.zip
https://github.com/hannob/bashcheck/archive/master.zip -O hannob--bashcheck.zip
https://github.com/mesosphere/kubernetes-mesos/archive/master.zip -O mesosphere--kubernetes-mesos.zip
https://github.com/paulmillr/dotfiles/archive/master.zip -O paulmillr--dotfiles.zip
https://github.com/hbin/top-programming-fonts/archive/master.zip -O hbin--top-programming-fonts.zip
https://github.com/jordansissel/heroku-buildpack-meteor/archive/master.zip -O jordansissel--heroku-buildpack-meteor.zip
https://github.com/oracle/docker-images/archive/master.zip -O oracle--docker-images.zip
https://github.com/aerofs/gockerize/archive/master.zip -O aerofs--gockerize.zip
https://github.com/wurstmeister/kafka-docker/archive/master.zip -O wurstmeister--kafka-docker.zip
https://github.com/heroku/heroku-buildpack-go/archive/master.zip -O heroku--heroku-buildpack-go.zip
https://github.com/leebaird/discover/archive/master.zip -O leebaird--discover.zip
https://github.com/saltstack/salt-bootstrap/archive/master.zip -O saltstack--salt-bootstrap.zip
https://github.com/artem-zinnatullin/RxJavaProGuardRules/archive/master.zip -O artem-zinnatullin--RxJavaProGuardRules.zip
https://github.com/vigneshwaranr/bd/archive/master.zip -O vigneshwaranr--bd.zip
https://github.com/rauchg/spot/archive/master.zip -O rauchg--spot.zip
https://github.com/pubnub/eon/archive/master.zip -O pubnub--eon.zip
https://github.com/archlinuxarm/PKGBUILDs/archive/master.zip -O archlinuxarm--PKGBUILDs.zip
https://github.com/jpetazzo/dockvpn/archive/master.zip -O jpetazzo--dockvpn.zip
https://github.com/paulp/sbt-extras/archive/master.zip -O paulp--sbt-extras.zip
https://github.com/lexrus/ios-makefile/archive/master.zip -O lexrus--ios-makefile.zip
https://github.com/digitalocean/do_user_scripts/archive/master.zip -O digitalocean--do_user_scripts.zip
https://github.com/chriskempson/base16-shell/archive/master.zip -O chriskempson--base16-shell.zip
https://github.com/mydzor/bash2048/archive/master.zip -O mydzor--bash2048.zip
https://github.com/xyu/heroku-wp/archive/master.zip -O xyu--heroku-wp.zip
https://github.com/ilikenwf/apt-fast/archive/master.zip -O ilikenwf--apt-fast.zip
https://github.com/dbmzzo/Sublime-Text-2-Icon/archive/master.zip -O dbmzzo--Sublime-Text-2-Icon.zip
https://github.com/krzysztofzablocki/IconOverlaying/archive/master.zip -O krzysztofzablocki--IconOverlaying.zip
https://github.com/matryer/bitbar-plugins/archive/master.zip -O matryer--bitbar-plugins.zip
https://github.com/ipraba/EPSignature/archive/master.zip -O ipraba--EPSignature.zip
https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tmux-yank/archive/master.zip -O tmux-plugins--tmux-yank.zip
https://github.com/rtrouton/rtrouton_scripts/archive/master.zip -O rtrouton--rtrouton_scripts.zip
https://github.com/adlogix/docker-machine-nfs/archive/master.zip -O adlogix--docker-machine-nfs.zip
https://github.com/bigeagle/gohop/archive/master.zip -O bigeagle--gohop.zip
https://github.com/matthewmueller/dots/archive/master.zip -O matthewmueller--dots.zip
https://github.com/jayrambhia/Install-OpenCV/archive/master.zip -O jayrambhia--Install-OpenCV.zip
https://github.com/Eriner/zim/archive/master.zip -O Eriner--zim.zip
https://github.com/ZZROTDesign/docker-clean/archive/master.zip -O ZZROTDesign--docker-clean.zip
https://github.com/xero/dotfiles/archive/master.zip -O xero--dotfiles.zip
https://github.com/phpenv/phpenv/archive/master.zip -O phpenv--phpenv.zip
https://github.com/donmelton/video-transcoding-scripts/archive/master.zip -O donmelton--video-transcoding-scripts.zip
https://github.com/aspnet/aspnet-docker/archive/master.zip -O aspnet--aspnet-docker.zip
https://github.com/sequenceiq/hadoop-docker/archive/master.zip -O sequenceiq--hadoop-docker.zip
https://github.com/leo-project/leofs/archive/master.zip -O leo-project--leofs.zip
https://github.com/viccherubini/get-shit-done/archive/master.zip -O viccherubini--get-shit-done.zip
https://github.com/micahwedemeyer/automongobackup/archive/master.zip -O micahwedemeyer--automongobackup.zip
https://github.com/necolas/dotfiles/archive/master.zip -O necolas--dotfiles.zip
https://github.com/riywo/anyenv/archive/master.zip -O riywo--anyenv.zip
https://github.com/jpadilla/juicebox/archive/master.zip -O jpadilla--juicebox.zip
https://github.com/tpope/heroku-fucking-console/archive/master.zip -O tpope--heroku-fucking-console.zip
https://github.com/sameersbn/docker-redmine/archive/master.zip -O sameersbn--docker-redmine.zip
https://github.com/quericy/one-key-ikev2-vpn/archive/master.zip -O quericy--one-key-ikev2-vpn.zip
https://github.com/cfenollosa/bashblog/archive/master.zip -O cfenollosa--bashblog.zip
https://github.com/andreamazz/SubtleVolume/archive/master.zip -O andreamazz--SubtleVolume.zip
https://github.com/phusion/open-vagrant-boxes/archive/master.zip -O phusion--open-vagrant-boxes.zip
https://github.com/docker-library/php/archive/master.zip -O docker-library--php.zip
https://github.com/sequenceiq/docker-spark/archive/master.zip -O sequenceiq--docker-spark.zip
https://github.com/pixelb/scripts/archive/master.zip -O pixelb--scripts.zip
https://github.com/heroku/heroku-buildpack-php/archive/master.zip -O heroku--heroku-buildpack-php.zip
https://github.com/Mayccoll/Gogh/archive/master.zip -O Mayccoll--Gogh.zip
https://github.com/teddysun/shadowsocks_install/archive/master.zip -O teddysun--shadowsocks_install.zip
https://github.com/maddox/magick-installer/archive/master.zip -O maddox--magick-installer.zip
https://github.com/scopatz/nanorc/archive/master.zip -O scopatz--nanorc.zip
https://github.com/shiguredo/packer-templates/archive/master.zip -O shiguredo--packer-templates.zip
https://github.com/tutumcloud/mysql/archive/master.zip -O tutumcloud--mysql.zip
https://github.com/fonnesbeck/ScipySuperpack/archive/master.zip -O fonnesbeck--ScipySuperpack.zip
https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-history-substring-search/archive/master.zip -O zsh-users--zsh-history-substring-search.zip
https://github.com/WritingMinds/ffmpeg-android/archive/master.zip -O WritingMinds--ffmpeg-android.zip
https://github.com/cloudfoundry/cf-release/archive/master.zip -O cloudfoundry--cf-release.zip
https://github.com/linrunner/TLP/archive/master.zip -O linrunner--TLP.zip
https://github.com/Supervisor/initscripts/archive/master.zip -O Supervisor--initscripts.zip
https://github.com/gh2o/digitalocean-debian-to-arch/archive/master.zip -O gh2o--digitalocean-debian-to-arch.zip
https://github.com/cstrap/monaco-font/archive/master.zip -O cstrap--monaco-font.zip
https://github.com/mmastrac/iterm2-zmodem/archive/master.zip -O mmastrac--iterm2-zmodem.zip
https://github.com/gfredericks/quinedb/archive/master.zip -O gfredericks--quinedb.zip
https://github.com/kafka-dev/kafka/archive/master.zip -O kafka-dev--kafka.zip
https://github.com/sontek/dotfiles/archive/master.zip -O sontek--dotfiles.zip
https://github.com/philpl/setup-simple-ipsec-l2tp-vpn/archive/master.zip -O philpl--setup-simple-ipsec-l2tp-vpn.zip
https://github.com/CHH/phpenv/archive/master.zip -O CHH--phpenv.zip
https://github.com/paulirish/git-recent/archive/master.zip -O paulirish--git-recent.zip
https://github.com/heroku/heroku-buildpack-python/archive/master.zip -O heroku--heroku-buildpack-python.zip
https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tmux-continuum/archive/master.zip -O tmux-plugins--tmux-continuum.zip
https://github.com/oldratlee/useful-scripts/archive/master.zip -O oldratlee--useful-scripts.zip
https://github.com/jf/rbenv-gemset/archive/master.zip -O jf--rbenv-gemset.zip
https://github.com/MiCode/patchrom_miui/archive/master.zip -O MiCode--patchrom_miui.zip
https://github.com/elasticdog/transcrypt/archive/master.zip -O elasticdog--transcrypt.zip
https://github.com/alandipert/gherkin/archive/master.zip -O alandipert--gherkin.zip
https://github.com/Alexpux/MINGW-packages/archive/master.zip -O Alexpux--MINGW-packages.zip
https://github.com/dsanson/termpdf/archive/master.zip -O dsanson--termpdf.zip
https://github.com/schreiberstein/lucidagrandeyosemite/archive/master.zip -O schreiberstein--lucidagrandeyosemite.zip
https://github.com/megastep/makeself/archive/master.zip -O megastep--makeself.zip
https://github.com/Yara-Rules/rules/archive/master.zip -O Yara-Rules--rules.zip
https://github.com/fnichol/dvm/archive/master.zip -O fnichol--dvm.zip
https://github.com/AntiZapret/antizapret/archive/master.zip -O AntiZapret--antizapret.zip
https://github.com/b4b4r07/enhancd/archive/master.zip -O b4b4r07--enhancd.zip
https://github.com/nginxinc/docker-nginx/archive/master.zip -O nginxinc--docker-nginx.zip
https://github.com/docker/dockerlite/archive/master.zip -O docker--dockerlite.zip
https://github.com/vishnubob/wait-for-it/archive/master.zip -O vishnubob--wait-for-it.zip
https://github.com/driftyco/ionic2/archive/master.zip -O driftyco--ionic2.zip
https://github.com/cknadler/vim-anywhere/archive/master.zip -O cknadler--vim-anywhere.zip
https://github.com/hillwoodroc/winetricks-zh/archive/master.zip -O hillwoodroc--winetricks-zh.zip
https://github.com/foospidy/payloads/archive/master.zip -O foospidy--payloads.zip
https://github.com/elgalu/docker-selenium/archive/master.zip -O elgalu--docker-selenium.zip
https://github.com/lxdvs/apk2gold/archive/master.zip -O lxdvs--apk2gold.zip
https://github.com/lxde/lxqt/archive/master.zip -O lxde--lxqt.zip
https://github.com/rocker-org/rocker/archive/master.zip -O rocker-org--rocker.zip
https://github.com/guysoft/OctoPi/archive/master.zip -O guysoft--OctoPi.zip
https://github.com/JasonGiedymin/nginx-init-ubuntu/archive/master.zip -O JasonGiedymin--nginx-init-ubuntu.zip
https://github.com/octohost/octohost/archive/master.zip -O octohost--octohost.zip
https://github.com/xdtianyu/scripts/archive/master.zip -O xdtianyu--scripts.zip
https://github.com/horst3180/arc-icon-theme/archive/master.zip -O horst3180--arc-icon-theme.zip
https://github.com/MacMiniVault/Mac-Scripts/archive/master.zip -O MacMiniVault--Mac-Scripts.zip
https://github.com/Coding/WebIDE/archive/master.zip -O Coding--WebIDE.zip
https://github.com/cryptoparty/handbook/archive/master.zip -O cryptoparty--handbook.zip
https://github.com/jasonrudolph/keyboard/archive/master.zip -O jasonrudolph--keyboard.zip
https://github.com/viljoviitanen/setup-simple-pptp-vpn/archive/master.zip -O viljoviitanen--setup-simple-pptp-vpn.zip
https://github.com/rmarquis/pacaur/archive/master.zip -O rmarquis--pacaur.zip
https://github.com/HashNuke/heroku-buildpack-elixir/archive/master.zip -O HashNuke--heroku-buildpack-elixir.zip
https://github.com/hnarayanan/shpotify/archive/master.zip -O hnarayanan--shpotify.zip
https://github.com/lukapusic/soundcloud-dl/archive/master.zip -O lukapusic--soundcloud-dl.zip
https://github.com/kstaken/dockerfile-examples/archive/master.zip -O kstaken--dockerfile-examples.zip
https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-servicewrapper/archive/master.zip -O elastic--elasticsearch-servicewrapper.zip
https://github.com/egold/better-xcode-ibeam-cursor/archive/master.zip -O egold--better-xcode-ibeam-cursor.zip
https://github.com/yyuu/pyenv-installer/archive/master.zip -O yyuu--pyenv-installer.zip
https://github.com/virtualhost/virtualhost.sh/archive/master.zip -O virtualhost--virtualhost.sh.zip
https://github.com/lamw/ghettoVCB/archive/master.zip -O lamw--ghettoVCB.zip
https://github.com/meteorhacks/meteord/archive/master.zip -O meteorhacks--meteord.zip
https://github.com/iljaiwas/objc-run/archive/master.zip -O iljaiwas--objc-run.zip
https://github.com/kristopolous/TickTick/archive/master.zip -O kristopolous--TickTick.zip
https://github.com/AdmitHub/meteor-buildpack-horse/archive/master.zip -O AdmitHub--meteor-buildpack-horse.zip
https://github.com/spotify/docker-kafka/archive/master.zip -O spotify--docker-kafka.zip
https://github.com/mrworf/plexupdate/archive/master.zip -O mrworf--plexupdate.zip
https://github.com/twitter/hadoop-lzo/archive/master.zip -O twitter--hadoop-lzo.zip
https://github.com/TheNewNormal/kube-solo-osx/archive/master.zip -O TheNewNormal--kube-solo-osx.zip
https://github.com/docker-library/postgres/archive/master.zip -O docker-library--postgres.zip
https://github.com/alrra/dotfiles/archive/master.zip -O alrra--dotfiles.zip
https://github.com/tapwork/WatchdogInspector/archive/master.zip -O tapwork--WatchdogInspector.zip
https://github.com/bjango/Bjango-Templates/archive/master.zip -O bjango--Bjango-Templates.zip
https://github.com/keroserene/rickrollrc/archive/master.zip -O keroserene--rickrollrc.zip
https://github.com/Screetsec/Dracnmap/archive/master.zip -O Screetsec--Dracnmap.zip
https://github.com/mesosphere/playa-mesos/archive/master.zip -O mesosphere--playa-mesos.zip
https://github.com/brooklyncentral/clocker/archive/master.zip -O brooklyncentral--clocker.zip
https://github.com/Alexpux/MSYS2-packages/archive/master.zip -O Alexpux--MSYS2-packages.zip
https://github.com/StarshipEngineer/OpenVPN-Setup/archive/master.zip -O StarshipEngineer--OpenVPN-Setup.zip
https://github.com/bohoomil/fontconfig-ultimate/archive/master.zip -O bohoomil--fontconfig-ultimate.zip
https://github.com/wnameless/docker-oracle-xe-11g/archive/master.zip -O wnameless--docker-oracle-xe-11g.zip
https://github.com/rebootuser/LinEnum/archive/master.zip -O rebootuser--LinEnum.zip
https://github.com/hashicorp/puppet-bootstrap/archive/master.zip -O hashicorp--puppet-bootstrap.zip
https://github.com/laravel/settler/archive/master.zip -O laravel--settler.zip
https://github.com/perusio/nginx_ensite/archive/master.zip -O perusio--nginx_ensite.zip
https://github.com/eduardolundgren/dotfiles/archive/master.zip -O eduardolundgren--dotfiles.zip
https://github.com/graysky2/profile-sync-daemon/archive/master.zip -O graysky2--profile-sync-daemon.zip
https://github.com/tutumcloud/lamp/archive/master.zip -O tutumcloud--lamp.zip
https://github.com/sobolevn/git-secret/archive/master.zip -O sobolevn--git-secret.zip
https://github.com/imsky/git-fresh/archive/master.zip -O imsky--git-fresh.zip
https://github.com/yixia/FFmpeg-Android/archive/master.zip -O yixia--FFmpeg-Android.zip
https://github.com/adambrenecki/virtualfish/archive/master.zip -O adambrenecki--virtualfish.zip
https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv-gem-rehash/archive/master.zip -O rbenv--rbenv-gem-rehash.zip
https://github.com/ANXS/the-ansibles/archive/master.zip -O ANXS--the-ansibles.zip
https://github.com/sameersbn/docker-postgresql/archive/master.zip -O sameersbn--docker-postgresql.zip
https://github.com/lj2007331/oneinstack/archive/master.zip -O lj2007331--oneinstack.zip
https://github.com/moritz-wundke/Boost-for-Android/archive/master.zip -O moritz-wundke--Boost-for-Android.zip
https://github.com/linux-china/jenv/archive/master.zip -O linux-china--jenv.zip
https://github.com/golang/proposal/archive/master.zip -O golang--proposal.zip
https://github.com/andreyvit/create-dmg/archive/master.zip -O andreyvit--create-dmg.zip
https://github.com/fsquillace/junest/archive/master.zip -O fsquillace--junest.zip
https://github.com/tianon/dockerfiles/archive/master.zip -O tianon--dockerfiles.zip
https://github.com/japaric/rust-cross/archive/master.zip -O japaric--rust-cross.zip
https://github.com/trapd00r/LS_COLORS/archive/master.zip -O trapd00r--LS_COLORS.zip
https://github.com/haithembelhaj/oh-my-cygwin/archive/master.zip -O haithembelhaj--oh-my-cygwin.zip
https://github.com/aliso/vvv-site-wizard/archive/master.zip -O aliso--vvv-site-wizard.zip
https://github.com/docker-library/mysql/archive/master.zip -O docker-library--mysql.zip
https://github.com/tevko/Resources/archive/master.zip -O tevko--Resources.zip
https://github.com/jsmess/jsmess/archive/master.zip -O jsmess--jsmess.zip
https://github.com/robwierzbowski/grunt-build-control/archive/master.zip -O robwierzbowski--grunt-build-control.zip
https://github.com/saltstack/salty-vagrant/archive/master.zip -O saltstack--salty-vagrant.zip
https://github.com/jpetazzo/orchestration-workshop/archive/master.zip -O jpetazzo--orchestration-workshop.zip
https://github.com/toleda/audio_CloverALC/archive/master.zip -O toleda--audio_CloverALC.zip
https://github.com/tinalatif/flat.icns/archive/master.zip -O tinalatif--flat.icns.zip
https://github.com/wilmoore/php-version/archive/master.zip -O wilmoore--php-version.zip
https://github.com/silinternational/ecs-deploy/archive/master.zip -O silinternational--ecs-deploy.zip
https://github.com/glenpike/npm-g_nosudo/archive/master.zip -O glenpike--npm-g_nosudo.zip
https://github.com/flynn-archive/flynn-demo/archive/master.zip -O flynn-archive--flynn-demo.zip
https://github.com/MrMEEE/bumblebee-Old-and-abbandoned/archive/master.zip -O MrMEEE--bumblebee-Old-and-abbandoned.zip
https://github.com/thi-ng/geom/archive/master.zip -O thi-ng--geom.zip
https://github.com/goodbest/OfficeThinner/archive/master.zip -O goodbest--OfficeThinner.zip
https://github.com/Netflix/aws-autoscaling/archive/master.zip -O Netflix--aws-autoscaling.zip
https://github.com/RoverWire/virtualhost/archive/master.zip -O RoverWire--virtualhost.zip
https://github.com/kiwenlau/hadoop-cluster-docker/archive/master.zip -O kiwenlau--hadoop-cluster-docker.zip
https://github.com/kovetskiy/go-fast/archive/master.zip -O kovetskiy--go-fast.zip
https://github.com/scotch-io/All-Github-Emoji-Icons/archive/master.zip -O scotch-io--All-Github-Emoji-Icons.zip
https://github.com/cloudsec/brootkit/archive/master.zip -O cloudsec--brootkit.zip
https://github.com/morgant/tools-osx/archive/master.zip -O morgant--tools-osx.zip
https://github.com/archlinuxfr/yaourt/archive/master.zip -O archlinuxfr--yaourt.zip
https://github.com/MikeMcQuaid/strap/archive/master.zip -O MikeMcQuaid--strap.zip
https://github.com/rcrowley/freight/archive/master.zip -O rcrowley--freight.zip
https://github.com/meskarune/i3lock-fancy/archive/master.zip -O meskarune--i3lock-fancy.zip
https://github.com/firehol/firehol/archive/master.zip -O firehol--firehol.zip
https://github.com/just-containers/s6-overlay/archive/master.zip -O just-containers--s6-overlay.zip
https://github.com/Ahtenus/minecraft-init/archive/master.zip -O Ahtenus--minecraft-init.zip
https://github.com/corbindavenport/nexus-tools/archive/master.zip -O corbindavenport--nexus-tools.zip
https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tmux-copycat/archive/master.zip -O tmux-plugins--tmux-copycat.zip
https://github.com/mseknibilel/OpenStack-Grizzly-Install-Guide/archive/master.zip -O mseknibilel--OpenStack-Grizzly-Install-Guide.zip
https://github.com/Apricity-OS/apricity-build/archive/master.zip -O Apricity-OS--apricity-build.zip
https://github.com/ryandotsmith/nginx-buildpack/archive/master.zip -O ryandotsmith--nginx-buildpack.zip
https://github.com/komljen/dockerfile-examples/archive/master.zip -O komljen--dockerfile-examples.zip
https://github.com/nodesocket/jsonlite/archive/master.zip -O nodesocket--jsonlite.zip
https://github.com/ceph/ceph-docker/archive/master.zip -O ceph--ceph-docker.zip
https://github.com/VISIONAI/clouddream/archive/master.zip -O VISIONAI--clouddream.zip
https://github.com/queezythegreat/arduino-cmake/archive/master.zip -O queezythegreat--arduino-cmake.zip
https://github.com/dmarmor/epichrome/archive/master.zip -O dmarmor--epichrome.zip
https://github.com/ashinkarov/i3-extras/archive/master.zip -O ashinkarov--i3-extras.zip
https://github.com/dockerfile/java/archive/master.zip -O dockerfile--java.zip
https://github.com/fusesource/leveldbjni/archive/master.zip -O fusesource--leveldbjni.zip
https://github.com/eivind88/prm/archive/master.zip -O eivind88--prm.zip
https://github.com/tryolabs/metamon/archive/master.zip -O tryolabs--metamon.zip
https://github.com/mchung/heroku-buildpack-wordpress/archive/master.zip -O mchung--heroku-buildpack-wordpress.zip
https://github.com/termux/termux-packages/archive/master.zip -O termux--termux-packages.zip
https://github.com/omega8cc/boa/archive/master.zip -O omega8cc--boa.zip
https://github.com/kylef/heroku-buildpack-swift/archive/master.zip -O kylef--heroku-buildpack-swift.zip
https://github.com/tonycoco/heroku-buildpack-ember-cli/archive/master.zip -O tonycoco--heroku-buildpack-ember-cli.zip
https://github.com/PureDarwin/PureDarwin/archive/master.zip -O PureDarwin--PureDarwin.zip
https://github.com/umiddelb/armhf/archive/master.zip -O umiddelb--armhf.zip
https://github.com/cattleio/stampede/archive/master.zip -O cattleio--stampede.zip
https://github.com/github/backup-utils/archive/master.zip -O github--backup-utils.zip
https://github.com/clangcn/kcp-server/archive/master.zip -O clangcn--kcp-server.zip
https://github.com/basecamp/xip-pdns/archive/master.zip -O basecamp--xip-pdns.zip
https://github.com/crosstool-ng/crosstool-ng/archive/master.zip -O crosstool-ng--crosstool-ng.zip
https://github.com/zsh-users/zaw/archive/master.zip -O zsh-users--zaw.zip
https://github.com/inversoft/2016-security-scripts/archive/master.zip -O inversoft--2016-security-scripts.zip
https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv-vars/archive/master.zip -O rbenv--rbenv-vars.zip
https://github.com/kosborn/p2p-adb/archive/master.zip -O kosborn--p2p-adb.zip
https://github.com/jomo/imgur-screenshot/archive/master.zip -O jomo--imgur-screenshot.zip
https://github.com/sindresorhus/opn/archive/master.zip -O sindresorhus--opn.zip
https://github.com/wckr/wocker/archive/master.zip -O wckr--wocker.zip
https://github.com/jaredculp/iterm2-borderless-padding/archive/master.zip -O jaredculp--iterm2-borderless-padding.zip
https://github.com/rust-lang/book/archive/master.zip -O rust-lang--book.zip
https://github.com/zant95/elementary-dropbox/archive/master.zip -O zant95--elementary-dropbox.zip
https://github.com/colinkeenan/silentcast/archive/master.zip -O colinkeenan--silentcast.zip
https://github.com/lyfeyaj/sublime-text-imfix/archive/master.zip -O lyfeyaj--sublime-text-imfix.zip
https://github.com/hipchat/hipchat-cli/archive/master.zip -O hipchat--hipchat-cli.zip
https://github.com/jhu-ep-coursera/fullstack-course1-module1/archive/master.zip -O jhu-ep-coursera--fullstack-course1-module1.zip
https://github.com/spujadas/elk-docker/archive/master.zip -O spujadas--elk-docker.zip
https://github.com/netmute/meteor.sh/archive/master.zip -O netmute--meteor.sh.zip
https://github.com/calfzhou/autoproxy-gfwlist/archive/master.zip -O calfzhou--autoproxy-gfwlist.zip
https://github.com/ekalinin/github-markdown-toc/archive/master.zip -O ekalinin--github-markdown-toc.zip
https://github.com/icy/pacapt/archive/master.zip -O icy--pacapt.zip
https://github.com/cxreg/smartcd/archive/master.zip -O cxreg--smartcd.zip
https://github.com/pgexperts/pgx_scripts/archive/master.zip -O pgexperts--pgx_scripts.zip
https://github.com/overtrue/latest-laravel/archive/master.zip -O overtrue--latest-laravel.zip
https://github.com/X1011/git-directory-deploy/archive/master.zip -O X1011--git-directory-deploy.zip
https://github.com/johnf/m3u8-segmenter/archive/master.zip -O johnf--m3u8-segmenter.zip
https://github.com/wireghoul/htshells/archive/master.zip -O wireghoul--htshells.zip
https://github.com/sabersalv/freedom-routes/archive/master.zip -O sabersalv--freedom-routes.zip
https://github.com/taglia3/TGLParallaxCarousel/archive/master.zip -O taglia3--TGLParallaxCarousel.zip
https://github.com/miguno/wirbelsturm/archive/master.zip -O miguno--wirbelsturm.zip
https://github.com/samrocketman/gitlab-mirrors/archive/master.zip -O samrocketman--gitlab-mirrors.zip
https://github.com/sampson-chen/sack/archive/master.zip -O sampson-chen--sack.zip
https://github.com/seuros/capistrano-puma/archive/master.zip -O seuros--capistrano-puma.zip
https://github.com/billw2/rpi-clone/archive/master.zip -O billw2--rpi-clone.zip
https://github.com/rosylilly/git-tasukete/archive/master.zip -O rosylilly--git-tasukete.zip
https://github.com/analytically/hadoop-ansible/archive/master.zip -O analytically--hadoop-ansible.zip
https://github.com/lvv/git-prompt/archive/master.zip -O lvv--git-prompt.zip
https://github.com/Veil-Framework/Veil/archive/master.zip -O Veil-Framework--Veil.zip
https://github.com/igorpecovnik/lib/archive/master.zip -O igorpecovnik--lib.zip
https://github.com/mdo/config/archive/master.zip -O mdo--config.zip
https://github.com/spring-guides/gs-rest-service/archive/master.zip -O spring-guides--gs-rest-service.zip
https://github.com/tobegit3hub/understand_linux_process/archive/master.zip -O tobegit3hub--understand_linux_process.zip
https://github.com/wppurking/ocserv-docker/archive/master.zip -O wppurking--ocserv-docker.zip
https://github.com/imgo/imgo/archive/master.zip -O imgo--imgo.zip
https://github.com/pengwynn/dotfiles/archive/master.zip -O pengwynn--dotfiles.zip
https://github.com/coreos/coreos-xhyve/archive/master.zip -O coreos--coreos-xhyve.zip
https://github.com/trailofbits/algo/archive/master.zip -O trailofbits--algo.zip
https://github.com/lolilolicon/FFcast/archive/master.zip -O lolilolicon--FFcast.zip
https://github.com/progrium/busybox/archive/master.zip -O progrium--busybox.zip
https://github.com/dyne/Tomb/archive/master.zip -O dyne--Tomb.zip
https://github.com/thebearjew/commit-comments/archive/master.zip -O thebearjew--commit-comments.zip
https://github.com/offensive-security/kali-arm-build-scripts/archive/master.zip -O offensive-security--kali-arm-build-scripts.zip
https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tmux-sensible/archive/master.zip -O tmux-plugins--tmux-sensible.zip
https://github.com/CenturyLinkLabs/golang-builder/archive/master.zip -O CenturyLinkLabs--golang-builder.zip
https://github.com/petrockblog/OwncloudPie/archive/master.zip -O petrockblog--OwncloudPie.zip
https://github.com/nerves-project/nerves_system_br/archive/master.zip -O nerves-project--nerves_system_br.zip
https://github.com/firmadyne/firmadyne/archive/master.zip -O firmadyne--firmadyne.zip
https://github.com/bmizerany/roundup/archive/master.zip -O bmizerany--roundup.zip
https://github.com/hchbaw/auto-fu.zsh/archive/master.zip -O hchbaw--auto-fu.zsh.zip
https://github.com/ClusterLabs/resource-agents/archive/master.zip -O ClusterLabs--resource-agents.zip
https://github.com/cosmin/git-hg/archive/master.zip -O cosmin--git-hg.zip
https://github.com/ANXS/postgresql/archive/master.zip -O ANXS--postgresql.zip
https://github.com/odb/shml/archive/master.zip -O odb--shml.zip
https://github.com/mzabriskie/rackt-cli/archive/master.zip -O mzabriskie--rackt-cli.zip
https://github.com/sunaku/dasht/archive/master.zip -O sunaku--dasht.zip
https://github.com/nevik/gitwatch/archive/master.zip -O nevik--gitwatch.zip
https://github.com/danielbruce/entypo/archive/master.zip -O danielbruce--entypo.zip
https://github.com/SecUpwN/Spotify-AdKiller/archive/master.zip -O SecUpwN--Spotify-AdKiller.zip
https://github.com/tokuhirom/plenv/archive/master.zip -O tokuhirom--plenv.zip
https://github.com/technopagan/adept-jpg-compressor/archive/master.zip -O technopagan--adept-jpg-compressor.zip
https://github.com/oliverlloyd/jmeter-ec2/archive/master.zip -O oliverlloyd--jmeter-ec2.zip
https://github.com/ojbucao/Workman/archive/master.zip -O ojbucao--Workman.zip
https://github.com/boxcutter/ubuntu/archive/master.zip -O boxcutter--ubuntu.zip
https://github.com/taylor/kiex/archive/master.zip -O taylor--kiex.zip
https://github.com/fideloper/docker-nginx-php/archive/master.zip -O fideloper--docker-nginx-php.zip
https://github.com/misheska/basebox-packer/archive/master.zip -O misheska--basebox-packer.zip
https://github.com/meltwater/docker-cleanup/archive/master.zip -O meltwater--docker-cleanup.zip
https://github.com/ShawnMcCool/PHPStorm-SpacePeacock/archive/master.zip -O ShawnMcCool--PHPStorm-SpacePeacock.zip
https://github.com/protocool/ack-tmbundle/archive/master.zip -O protocool--ack-tmbundle.zip
https://github.com/fedora-cloud/Fedora-Dockerfiles/archive/master.zip -O fedora-cloud--Fedora-Dockerfiles.zip
https://github.com/jmcantrell/bashful/archive/master.zip -O jmcantrell--bashful.zip
https://github.com/juven/maven-bash-completion/archive/master.zip -O juven--maven-bash-completion.zip
https://github.com/scottkosty/install-tl-ubuntu/archive/master.zip -O scottkosty--install-tl-ubuntu.zip
https://github.com/codelittinc/incubator-resources/archive/master.zip -O codelittinc--incubator-resources.zip
https://github.com/kevinohashi/WordPressVPS/archive/master.zip -O kevinohashi--WordPressVPS.zip
https://github.com/riobard/bash-powerline/archive/master.zip -O riobard--bash-powerline.zip
https://github.com/sapegin/shipit/archive/master.zip -O sapegin--shipit.zip
https://github.com/dokku/dokku-letsencrypt/archive/master.zip -O dokku--dokku-letsencrypt.zip
https://github.com/skaes/rvm-patchsets/archive/master.zip -O skaes--rvm-patchsets.zip
https://github.com/startup-class/setup/archive/master.zip -O startup-class--setup.zip
https://github.com/teddysun/lamp/archive/master.zip -O teddysun--lamp.zip
https://github.com/docker-library/python/archive/master.zip -O docker-library--python.zip
https://github.com/sm/sm/archive/master.zip -O sm--sm.zip
https://github.com/Fourdee/DietPi/archive/master.zip -O Fourdee--DietPi.zip
https://github.com/tenntenn/gopher-stickers/archive/master.zip -O tenntenn--gopher-stickers.zip
https://github.com/aurora/rmate/archive/master.zip -O aurora--rmate.zip
https://github.com/mig/gedit-themes/archive/master.zip -O mig--gedit-themes.zip
https://github.com/awslabs/aws-codedeploy-samples/archive/master.zip -O awslabs--aws-codedeploy-samples.zip
https://github.com/kevinSuttle/macOS-Defaults/archive/master.zip -O kevinSuttle--macOS-Defaults.zip
https://github.com/mpalourdio/xps13/archive/master.zip -O mpalourdio--xps13.zip
https://github.com/hypriot/flash/archive/master.zip -O hypriot--flash.zip
https://github.com/pires/kubernetes-vagrant-coreos-cluster/archive/master.zip -O pires--kubernetes-vagrant-coreos-cluster.zip
https://github.com/myoss/profile/archive/master.zip -O myoss--profile.zip
https://github.com/Winetricks/winetricks/archive/master.zip -O Winetricks--winetricks.zip
https://github.com/mcrapet/plowshare/archive/master.zip -O mcrapet--plowshare.zip
https://github.com/tinfoil/openvpn_autoconfig/archive/master.zip -O tinfoil--openvpn_autoconfig.zip
https://github.com/kaitai-io/kaitai_struct/archive/master.zip -O kaitai-io--kaitai_struct.zip
https://github.com/deeplearningparis/dl-machine/archive/master.zip -O deeplearningparis--dl-machine.zip
https://github.com/docker-library/wordpress/archive/master.zip -O docker-library--wordpress.zip
https://github.com/chriskempson/base16-gnome-terminal/archive/master.zip -O chriskempson--base16-gnome-terminal.zip
https://github.com/janbrennen/rice/archive/master.zip -O janbrennen--rice.zip
https://github.com/startupml/jetpack/archive/master.zip -O startupml--jetpack.zip
https://github.com/jedda/OSX-Monitoring-Tools/archive/master.zip -O jedda--OSX-Monitoring-Tools.zip
https://github.com/leonteale/pentestpackage/archive/master.zip -O leonteale--pentestpackage.zip
https://github.com/hellofwy/ss-bash/archive/master.zip -O hellofwy--ss-bash.zip
https://github.com/course-hero/slacktee/archive/master.zip -O course-hero--slacktee.zip
https://github.com/jamiew/git-friendly/archive/master.zip -O jamiew--git-friendly.zip
https://github.com/dennishafemann/tmux-cssh/archive/master.zip -O dennishafemann--tmux-cssh.zip
https://github.com/begriffs/heroku-buildpack-ghc/archive/master.zip -O begriffs--heroku-buildpack-ghc.zip
https://github.com/Azure/azure-blockchain-projects/archive/master.zip -O Azure--azure-blockchain-projects.zip
https://github.com/seapy/dockerfiles/archive/master.zip -O seapy--dockerfiles.zip
https://github.com/hashrocket/dotmatrix/archive/master.zip -O hashrocket--dotmatrix.zip
https://github.com/CHH/heroku-buildpack-php/archive/master.zip -O CHH--heroku-buildpack-php.zip
https://github.com/zhuowei/Xenologer/archive/master.zip -O zhuowei--Xenologer.zip
https://github.com/maxfields2000/dockerjenkins_tutorial/archive/master.zip -O maxfields2000--dockerjenkins_tutorial.zip
https://github.com/wine-compholio/wine-staging/archive/master.zip -O wine-compholio--wine-staging.zip
https://github.com/crosbymichael/Dockerfiles/archive/master.zip -O crosbymichael--Dockerfiles.zip
https://github.com/timhaak/docker-plex/archive/master.zip -O timhaak--docker-plex.zip
https://github.com/rerun/rerun/archive/master.zip -O rerun--rerun.zip
https://github.com/xbianonpi/xbian/archive/master.zip -O xbianonpi--xbian.zip
https://github.com/docker-library/golang/archive/master.zip -O docker-library--golang.zip
https://github.com/ekalinin/envirius/archive/master.zip -O ekalinin--envirius.zip
https://github.com/nodenv/nodenv/archive/master.zip -O nodenv--nodenv.zip
https://github.com/punkave/stagecoach/archive/master.zip -O punkave--stagecoach.zip
https://github.com/cloudfoundry/bosh-lite/archive/master.zip -O cloudfoundry--bosh-lite.zip
https://github.com/jcorbin/zsh-git/archive/master.zip -O jcorbin--zsh-git.zip
https://github.com/RayViljoen/Raspberry-PI-SD-Installer-OS-X/archive/master.zip -O RayViljoen--Raspberry-PI-SD-Installer-OS-X.zip
https://github.com/joshlong/bootiful-microservices/archive/master.zip -O joshlong--bootiful-microservices.zip
https://github.com/amplab/docker-scripts/archive/master.zip -O amplab--docker-scripts.zip
https://github.com/funtoo/keychain/archive/master.zip -O funtoo--keychain.zip
https://github.com/andrep/git-svn-clone-externals/archive/master.zip -O andrep--git-svn-clone-externals.zip
https://github.com/Sensebloom/OSCeleton/archive/master.zip -O Sensebloom--OSCeleton.zip
https://github.com/Krijger/docker-cookbooks/archive/master.zip -O Krijger--docker-cookbooks.zip
https://github.com/dmachat/angular-webpack-cookbook/archive/master.zip -O dmachat--angular-webpack-cookbook.zip
https://github.com/Answers4AWS/netflixoss-ansible/archive/master.zip -O Answers4AWS--netflixoss-ansible.zip
https://github.com/RichardBronosky/ota-tools/archive/master.zip -O RichardBronosky--ota-tools.zip
https://github.com/owntracks/owntracks/archive/master.zip -O owntracks--owntracks.zip
https://github.com/sirthias/BlueForest/archive/master.zip -O sirthias--BlueForest.zip
https://github.com/hgomez/obuildfactory/archive/master.zip -O hgomez--obuildfactory.zip
https://github.com/iocage/iocage/archive/master.zip -O iocage--iocage.zip
https://github.com/starkandwayne/concourse-tutorial/archive/master.zip -O starkandwayne--concourse-tutorial.zip
https://github.com/dokku/sshcommand/archive/master.zip -O dokku--sshcommand.zip
https://github.com/haoel/haoel.github.io/archive/master.zip -O haoel--haoel.github.io.zip
https://github.com/oxplot/gitwatch/archive/master.zip -O oxplot--gitwatch.zip
https://github.com/rfxn/linux-malware-detect/archive/master.zip -O rfxn--linux-malware-detect.zip
https://github.com/ejholmes/vagrant-heroku/archive/master.zip -O ejholmes--vagrant-heroku.zip
https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv-default-gems/archive/master.zip -O rbenv--rbenv-default-gems.zip
https://github.com/ffuenf/vagrant-boxes/archive/master.zip -O ffuenf--vagrant-boxes.zip
https://github.com/fpco/stackage/archive/master.zip -O fpco--stackage.zip
https://github.com/apankrat/now.sh/archive/master.zip -O apankrat--now.sh.zip
https://github.com/philpl/setup-strong-strongswan/archive/master.zip -O philpl--setup-strong-strongswan.zip
https://github.com/MasonLiuChn/DecompileApk/archive/master.zip -O MasonLiuChn--DecompileApk.zip
https://github.com/octoai/octo.ai/archive/master.zip -O octoai--octo.ai.zip
https://github.com/ianheggie/rbenv-binstubs/archive/master.zip -O ianheggie--rbenv-binstubs.zip
https://github.com/pivpn/pivpn/archive/master.zip -O pivpn--pivpn.zip
https://github.com/eventi/noreallyjustfuckingstopalready/archive/master.zip -O eventi--noreallyjustfuckingstopalready.zip
https://github.com/jspahrsummers/objc-build-scripts/archive/master.zip -O jspahrsummers--objc-build-scripts.zip
https://github.com/keenerd/packer/archive/master.zip -O keenerd--packer.zip
https://github.com/lehmannro/assert.sh/archive/master.zip -O lehmannro--assert.sh.zip
https://github.com/mattandersen/vagrant-lamp/archive/master.zip -O mattandersen--vagrant-lamp.zip
https://github.com/ianunruh/monitoring/archive/master.zip -O ianunruh--monitoring.zip
https://github.com/smebberson/docker-alpine/archive/master.zip -O smebberson--docker-alpine.zip
https://github.com/RobBollons/passbox/archive/master.zip -O RobBollons--passbox.zip
https://github.com/JeffreyWay/Vagrant-Setup/archive/master.zip -O JeffreyWay--Vagrant-Setup.zip
https://github.com/g0tmi1k/os-scripts/archive/master.zip -O g0tmi1k--os-scripts.zip
https://github.com/kpwn/iOSRE/archive/master.zip -O kpwn--iOSRE.zip
https://github.com/karalabe/xgo/archive/master.zip -O karalabe--xgo.zip
https://github.com/rylnd/shpec/archive/master.zip -O rylnd--shpec.zip
https://github.com/PatrolServer/bashscanner/archive/master.zip -O PatrolServer--bashscanner.zip
https://github.com/minimaxir/video-to-gif-osx/archive/master.zip -O minimaxir--video-to-gif-osx.zip
https://github.com/dustinkirkland/byobu/archive/master.zip -O dustinkirkland--byobu.zip
https://github.com/NYPL-publicdomain/data-and-utilities/archive/master.zip -O NYPL-publicdomain--data-and-utilities.zip
https://github.com/DavidWittman/ansible-redis/archive/master.zip -O DavidWittman--ansible-redis.zip
https://github.com/jbfink/docker-wordpress/archive/master.zip -O jbfink--docker-wordpress.zip
https://github.com/n00ge/sublime-text-haml-sass/archive/master.zip -O n00ge--sublime-text-haml-sass.zip
https://github.com/cikelengfeng/RPAXU/archive/master.zip -O cikelengfeng--RPAXU.zip
https://github.com/srvrco/getssl/archive/master.zip -O srvrco--getssl.zip
https://github.com/Floris497/mac-pixel-clock-patch-V2/archive/master.zip -O Floris497--mac-pixel-clock-patch-V2.zip
https://github.com/brock/node-reinstall/archive/master.zip -O brock--node-reinstall.zip
https://github.com/voidlinux/void-packages/archive/master.zip -O voidlinux--void-packages.zip
https://github.com/BlueDragonX/xf86-input-mtrack/archive/master.zip -O BlueDragonX--xf86-input-mtrack.zip
https://github.com/kasparsd/php-7-debian/archive/master.zip -O kasparsd--php-7-debian.zip
https://github.com/omgmog/install-all-firefox/archive/master.zip -O omgmog--install-all-firefox.zip
https://github.com/holman/spaceman-diff/archive/master.zip -O holman--spaceman-diff.zip
https://github.com/altercation/mutt-colors-solarized/archive/master.zip -O altercation--mutt-colors-solarized.zip
https://github.com/2creatives/vagrant-centos/archive/master.zip -O 2creatives--vagrant-centos.zip
https://github.com/woxxy/MySQL-backup-to-Amazon-S3/archive/master.zip -O woxxy--MySQL-backup-to-Amazon-S3.zip
https://github.com/pote/gvp/archive/master.zip -O pote--gvp.zip
https://github.com/musictheory/rchook/archive/master.zip -O musictheory--rchook.zip
https://github.com/Kaixhin/dockerfiles/archive/master.zip -O Kaixhin--dockerfiles.zip
https://github.com/wertarbyte/autorandr/archive/master.zip -O wertarbyte--autorandr.zip
https://github.com/marshyski/quick-secure/archive/master.zip -O marshyski--quick-secure.zip
https://github.com/dana-at-cp/backdoor-apk/archive/master.zip -O dana-at-cp--backdoor-apk.zip
https://github.com/japaric/rust-everywhere/archive/master.zip -O japaric--rust-everywhere.zip
https://github.com/tdlm/os-x-self-destruct/archive/master.zip -O tdlm--os-x-self-destruct.zip
https://github.com/felipec/git-remote-hg/archive/master.zip -O felipec--git-remote-hg.zip
https://github.com/snwh/ubuntu-post-install/archive/master.zip -O snwh--ubuntu-post-install.zip
https://github.com/mbogh/NibDesignable/archive/master.zip -O mbogh--NibDesignable.zip
https://github.com/neilpa/cmd-colors-solarized/archive/master.zip -O neilpa--cmd-colors-solarized.zip
https://github.com/Kerwood/Rtorrent-Auto-Install/archive/master.zip -O Kerwood--Rtorrent-Auto-Install.zip
https://github.com/zchee/Seti_JetBrains/archive/master.zip -O zchee--Seti_JetBrains.zip
https://github.com/remicollet/remirepo/archive/master.zip -O remicollet--remirepo.zip
https://github.com/pblittle/docker-logstash/archive/master.zip -O pblittle--docker-logstash.zip
https://github.com/cr0ybot/ingress-logos/archive/master.zip -O cr0ybot--ingress-logos.zip
https://github.com/examplecode/unused-image/archive/master.zip -O examplecode--unused-image.zip
https://github.com/pipeseroni/pipes.sh/archive/master.zip -O pipeseroni--pipes.sh.zip
https://github.com/SilentGhostX/HT-WPS-Breaker/archive/master.zip -O SilentGhostX--HT-WPS-Breaker.zip
https://github.com/Traackr/ansible-elasticsearch/archive/master.zip -O Traackr--ansible-elasticsearch.zip
https://github.com/zagortenay333/Harmattan/archive/master.zip -O zagortenay333--Harmattan.zip
https://github.com/tablespoon/fun/archive/master.zip -O tablespoon--fun.zip
https://github.com/pimterry/git-confirm/archive/master.zip -O pimterry--git-confirm.zip
https://github.com/luxas/kubernetes-on-arm/archive/master.zip -O luxas--kubernetes-on-arm.zip
https://github.com/walshie4/Ultimate-Blocklist/archive/master.zip -O walshie4--Ultimate-Blocklist.zip
https://github.com/ArtSabintsev/Solarized-Dark-for-Xcode/archive/master.zip -O ArtSabintsev--Solarized-Dark-for-Xcode.zip
https://github.com/geerlingguy/ansible-role-mysql/archive/master.zip -O geerlingguy--ansible-role-mysql.zip
https://github.com/square/luhnybin/archive/master.zip -O square--luhnybin.zip
https://github.com/imperialwicket/elasticsearch-logstash-index-mgmt/archive/master.zip -O imperialwicket--elasticsearch-logstash-index-mgmt.zip
https://github.com/ImageTragick/PoCs/archive/master.zip -O ImageTragick--PoCs.zip
https://github.com/SafeBreach-Labs/pwndsh/archive/master.zip -O SafeBreach-Labs--pwndsh.zip
https://github.com/squeaky-pl/portable-pypy/archive/master.zip -O squeaky-pl--portable-pypy.zip
https://github.com/rjbaker/simple-magento-vagrant/archive/master.zip -O rjbaker--simple-magento-vagrant.zip
https://github.com/firehol/blocklist-ipsets/archive/master.zip -O firehol--blocklist-ipsets.zip
https://github.com/chriseldredge/git-slack-hook/archive/master.zip -O chriseldredge--git-slack-hook.zip
https://github.com/yyuu/pyenv-virtualenvwrapper/archive/master.zip -O yyuu--pyenv-virtualenvwrapper.zip
https://github.com/steamos-community/stephensons-rocket/archive/master.zip -O steamos-community--stephensons-rocket.zip
https://github.com/wunki/vagrant-freebsd/archive/master.zip -O wunki--vagrant-freebsd.zip
https://github.com/mattias-ohlsson/gitlab-installer/archive/master.zip -O mattias-ohlsson--gitlab-installer.zip
https://github.com/hchbaw/opp.zsh/archive/master.zip -O hchbaw--opp.zsh.zip
https://github.com/miohtama/ztanesh/archive/master.zip -O miohtama--ztanesh.zip
https://github.com/Tecate/bitmap-fonts/archive/master.zip -O Tecate--bitmap-fonts.zip
https://github.com/esden/summon-arm-toolchain/archive/master.zip -O esden--summon-arm-toolchain.zip
https://github.com/phallus/fonts/archive/master.zip -O phallus--fonts.zip
https://github.com/conda/conda-recipes/archive/master.zip -O conda--conda-recipes.zip
https://github.com/tutumcloud/influxdb/archive/master.zip -O tutumcloud--influxdb.zip
https://github.com/monfresh/laptop/archive/master.zip -O monfresh--laptop.zip
https://github.com/sh1r0/caffe-android-lib/archive/master.zip -O sh1r0--caffe-android-lib.zip
https://github.com/rwu823/afloat/archive/master.zip -O rwu823--afloat.zip
https://github.com/gabriel/ffmpeg-iphone-build/archive/master.zip -O gabriel--ffmpeg-iphone-build.zip
https://github.com/geekwolf/sa-scripts/archive/master.zip -O geekwolf--sa-scripts.zip
https://github.com/grugq/PORTALofPi/archive/master.zip -O grugq--PORTALofPi.zip
https://github.com/pierce403/keyhunter/archive/master.zip -O pierce403--keyhunter.zip
https://github.com/eklitzke/c.sh/archive/master.zip -O eklitzke--c.sh.zip
https://github.com/alexellis/docker-arm/archive/master.zip -O alexellis--docker-arm.zip
https://github.com/archlinuxcn/repo/archive/master.zip -O archlinuxcn--repo.zip
https://github.com/zfsonlinux/zfs-auto-snapshot/archive/master.zip -O zfsonlinux--zfs-auto-snapshot.zip
https://github.com/mars/create-react-app-buildpack/archive/master.zip -O mars--create-react-app-buildpack.zip
https://github.com/kfei/docktorrent/archive/master.zip -O kfei--docktorrent.zip
https://github.com/riywo/ndenv/archive/master.zip -O riywo--ndenv.zip
https://github.com/rvagg/dnt/archive/master.zip -O rvagg--dnt.zip
https://github.com/geo8bit/nodebob/archive/master.zip -O geo8bit--nodebob.zip
https://github.com/fanyueciyuan/eazy-for-ss/archive/master.zip -O fanyueciyuan--eazy-for-ss.zip
https://github.com/bripkens/dock/archive/master.zip -O bripkens--dock.zip
https://github.com/sameersbn/docker-browser-box/archive/master.zip -O sameersbn--docker-browser-box.zip
https://github.com/cmacrae/saveosx/archive/master.zip -O cmacrae--saveosx.zip
https://github.com/sekka1/mesosphere-docker/archive/master.zip -O sekka1--mesosphere-docker.zip
https://github.com/grafana/grafana-docker/archive/master.zip -O grafana--grafana-docker.zip
https://github.com/dominictarr/wifi.sh/archive/master.zip -O dominictarr--wifi.sh.zip
https://github.com/hughobrien/zfs-remote-mirror/archive/master.zip -O hughobrien--zfs-remote-mirror.zip
https://github.com/JakeWharton/mkvdts2ac3/archive/master.zip -O JakeWharton--mkvdts2ac3.zip
https://github.com/CodeCatalyst/mou-theme-solarized/archive/master.zip -O CodeCatalyst--mou-theme-solarized.zip
https://github.com/basherpm/basher/archive/master.zip -O basherpm--basher.zip
https://github.com/dz0ny/lightdm-login-chromeos/archive/master.zip -O dz0ny--lightdm-login-chromeos.zip
https://github.com/pentestmonkey/unix-privesc-check/archive/master.zip -O pentestmonkey--unix-privesc-check.zip
https://github.com/wargio/Twitch-Streamer-Linux/archive/master.zip -O wargio--Twitch-Streamer-Linux.zip
https://github.com/princebot/pythonize/archive/master.zip -O princebot--pythonize.zip
https://github.com/relateiq/docker_public/archive/master.zip -O relateiq--docker_public.zip
https://github.com/gaomd/docker-ikev2-vpn-server/archive/master.zip -O gaomd--docker-ikev2-vpn-server.zip
https://github.com/henrik/dotfiles/archive/master.zip -O henrik--dotfiles.zip
https://github.com/mururu/exenv/archive/master.zip -O mururu--exenv.zip
https://github.com/ivandavidov/minimal/archive/master.zip -O ivandavidov--minimal.zip
https://github.com/tj/mad/archive/master.zip -O tj--mad.zip
https://github.com/RehabMan/OS-X-Clover-Laptop-Config/archive/master.zip -O RehabMan--OS-X-Clover-Laptop-Config.zip
https://github.com/denilsonsa/prettyping/archive/master.zip -O denilsonsa--prettyping.zip
https://github.com/travis-ci/gimme/archive/master.zip -O travis-ci--gimme.zip
https://github.com/jvehent/haproxy-aws/archive/master.zip -O jvehent--haproxy-aws.zip
https://github.com/goalque/automate-eGPU/archive/master.zip -O goalque--automate-eGPU.zip
https://github.com/bartman/git-wip/archive/master.zip -O bartman--git-wip.zip
https://github.com/Kloadut/dokku-pg-plugin/archive/master.zip -O Kloadut--dokku-pg-plugin.zip
https://github.com/chrismytton/shoreman/archive/master.zip -O chrismytton--shoreman.zip
https://github.com/enginyoyen/ansible-best-practises/archive/master.zip -O enginyoyen--ansible-best-practises.zip
https://github.com/crashsystems/gitlab-docker/archive/master.zip -O crashsystems--gitlab-docker.zip
https://github.com/FezVrasta/ark-server-tools/archive/master.zip -O FezVrasta--ark-server-tools.zip
https://github.com/felixSchl/git-fiddle/archive/master.zip -O felixSchl--git-fiddle.zip
https://github.com/travislee8964/Ocserv-install-script-for-CentOS-RHEL-7/archive/master.zip -O travislee8964--Ocserv-install-script-for-CentOS-RHEL-7.zip
https://github.com/jakearchibald/sass-ie/archive/master.zip -O jakearchibald--sass-ie.zip
https://github.com/vitorgalvao/alfred-workflows/archive/master.zip -O vitorgalvao--alfred-workflows.zip
https://github.com/dspinellis/gi/archive/master.zip -O dspinellis--gi.zip
https://github.com/icflorescu/openshift-cartridge-nodejs/archive/master.zip -O icflorescu--openshift-cartridge-nodejs.zip
https://github.com/nicolasff/docker-cassandra/archive/master.zip -O nicolasff--docker-cassandra.zip
https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes-anywhere/archive/master.zip -O kubernetes--kubernetes-anywhere.zip
https://github.com/fisherman/fishtape/archive/master.zip -O fisherman--fishtape.zip
https://github.com/julien-c/meteoric.sh/archive/master.zip -O julien-c--meteoric.sh.zip
https://github.com/funcoeszz/funcoeszz/archive/master.zip -O funcoeszz--funcoeszz.zip
https://github.com/tutumcloud/dockup/archive/master.zip -O tutumcloud--dockup.zip
https://github.com/liquanzhou/ops_doc/archive/master.zip -O liquanzhou--ops_doc.zip
https://github.com/itzg/dockerfiles/archive/master.zip -O itzg--dockerfiles.zip
https://github.com/comperiosearch/vagrant-elk-box/archive/master.zip -O comperiosearch--vagrant-elk-box.zip
https://github.com/RangeNetworks/dev/archive/master.zip -O RangeNetworks--dev.zip
https://github.com/boxcutter/centos/archive/master.zip -O boxcutter--centos.zip
https://github.com/aschenkels-ictstudio/odoo-install-scripts/archive/master.zip -O aschenkels-ictstudio--odoo-install-scripts.zip
https://github.com/dotzero/vagrant-debian-jessie/archive/master.zip -O dotzero--vagrant-debian-jessie.zip
https://github.com/1N3/BruteX/archive/master.zip -O 1N3--BruteX.zip
https://github.com/octo-online/Xcode-formatter/archive/master.zip -O octo-online--Xcode-formatter.zip
https://github.com/taigaio/taiga-scripts/archive/master.zip -O taigaio--taiga-scripts.zip
https://github.com/Piker-Alpha/ssdtPRGen.sh/archive/master.zip -O Piker-Alpha--ssdtPRGen.sh.zip
https://github.com/anthonix/ffts/archive/master.zip -O anthonix--ffts.zip
https://github.com/ynniv/opengenera/archive/master.zip -O ynniv--opengenera.zip
https://github.com/gotbletu/shownotes/archive/master.zip -O gotbletu--shownotes.zip
https://github.com/paolorotolo/android-studio/archive/master.zip -O paolorotolo--android-studio.zip
https://github.com/jekyll/docker/archive/master.zip -O jekyll--docker.zip
https://github.com/sameersbn/docker-gitlab-ci/archive/master.zip -O sameersbn--docker-gitlab-ci.zip
https://github.com/caiogondim/maglev/archive/master.zip -O caiogondim--maglev.zip
https://github.com/microservices-demo/microservices-demo/archive/master.zip -O microservices-demo--microservices-demo.zip
https://github.com/appersonlabs/MakeTi/archive/master.zip -O appersonlabs--MakeTi.zip
https://github.com/progrium/nginx-appliance/archive/master.zip -O progrium--nginx-appliance.zip
https://github.com/hyperrealm/libconfig/archive/master.zip -O hyperrealm--libconfig.zip
https://github.com/CaseyLabs/aws-ec2-ebs-automatic-snapshot-bash/archive/master.zip -O CaseyLabs--aws-ec2-ebs-automatic-snapshot-bash.zip
https://github.com/Graylog2/graylog2-images/archive/master.zip -O Graylog2--graylog2-images.zip
https://github.com/woolabs/Woobuntu/archive/master.zip -O woolabs--Woobuntu.zip
https://github.com/docker-library/redis/archive/master.zip -O docker-library--redis.zip
https://github.com/matthewmccullough/scripts/archive/master.zip -O matthewmccullough--scripts.zip
https://github.com/reflex-frp/reflex-platform/archive/master.zip -O reflex-frp--reflex-platform.zip
https://github.com/centos-bz/ezhttp/archive/master.zip -O centos-bz--ezhttp.zip
https://github.com/wmanley/git-meld/archive/master.zip -O wmanley--git-meld.zip
https://github.com/saulmm/Android-Notification-Example/archive/master.zip -O saulmm--Android-Notification-Example.zip
https://github.com/MakeNowJust/bashcached/archive/master.zip -O MakeNowJust--bashcached.zip
https://github.com/openwebos/build-desktop/archive/master.zip -O openwebos--build-desktop.zip
https://github.com/docker-library/mongo/archive/master.zip -O docker-library--mongo.zip
https://github.com/webdevops/Dockerfile/archive/master.zip -O webdevops--Dockerfile.zip
https://github.com/Mins/TuxLite/archive/master.zip -O Mins--TuxLite.zip
https://github.com/dflydev/git-subsplit/archive/master.zip -O dflydev--git-subsplit.zip
https://github.com/Ogeon/rust-on-raspberry-pi/archive/master.zip -O Ogeon--rust-on-raspberry-pi.zip
https://github.com/NHDaly/tmux-better-mouse-mode/archive/master.zip -O NHDaly--tmux-better-mouse-mode.zip
https://github.com/aiyodk/Alfred-Extensions/archive/master.zip -O aiyodk--Alfred-Extensions.zip
https://github.com/kaltura/platform-install-packages/archive/master.zip -O kaltura--platform-install-packages.zip
https://github.com/heyuan110/BashShell/archive/master.zip -O heyuan110--BashShell.zip
https://github.com/jpalardy/warp/archive/master.zip -O jpalardy--warp.zip
https://github.com/ttlequals0/autovpn/archive/master.zip -O ttlequals0--autovpn.zip
https://github.com/junegunn/myvim/archive/master.zip -O junegunn--myvim.zip
https://github.com/smallmuou/ios-icon-generator/archive/master.zip -O smallmuou--ios-icon-generator.zip
https://github.com/laraedit/laraedit-docker/archive/master.zip -O laraedit--laraedit-docker.zip
https://github.com/bmaeser/iptables-boilerplate/archive/master.zip -O bmaeser--iptables-boilerplate.zip
https://github.com/fgrehm/devstep/archive/master.zip -O fgrehm--devstep.zip
https://github.com/s0enke/git-hooks/archive/master.zip -O s0enke--git-hooks.zip
https://github.com/shelved/wahoo/archive/master.zip -O shelved--wahoo.zip
https://github.com/terrywang/vagrantboxes/archive/master.zip -O terrywang--vagrantboxes.zip
https://github.com/codigofuerte/GeoNames-MySQL-DataImport/archive/master.zip -O codigofuerte--GeoNames-MySQL-DataImport.zip
https://github.com/marudor/flowInterfaces/archive/master.zip -O marudor--flowInterfaces.zip
https://github.com/xiaolu/mkbootimg_tools/archive/master.zip -O xiaolu--mkbootimg_tools.zip
https://github.com/swaroopch/flask-boilerplate/archive/master.zip -O swaroopch--flask-boilerplate.zip
https://github.com/g0tmi1k/mpc/archive/master.zip -O g0tmi1k--mpc.zip
https://github.com/kura/vagrant-bash-completion/archive/master.zip -O kura--vagrant-bash-completion.zip
https://github.com/paoloantinori/hhighlighter/archive/master.zip -O paoloantinori--hhighlighter.zip
https://github.com/bilgi-webteam/kommit/archive/master.zip -O bilgi-webteam--kommit.zip
https://github.com/arakasi72/rtinst/archive/master.zip -O arakasi72--rtinst.zip
https://github.com/Tarrasch/zsh-bd/archive/master.zip -O Tarrasch--zsh-bd.zip
https://github.com/aplura/Tango/archive/master.zip -O aplura--Tango.zip
https://github.com/ayust/underhanded/archive/master.zip -O ayust--underhanded.zip
https://github.com/ivyl/i3-config/archive/master.zip -O ivyl--i3-config.zip
https://github.com/elasticdog/packer-arch/archive/master.zip -O elasticdog--packer-arch.zip
https://github.com/ericoc/zabbix-slack-alertscript/archive/master.zip -O ericoc--zabbix-slack-alertscript.zip
https://github.com/javer/hhvm-vagrant-vm/archive/master.zip -O javer--hhvm-vagrant-vm.zip
https://github.com/falconindy/arch-install-scripts/archive/master.zip -O falconindy--arch-install-scripts.zip
https://github.com/pypa/manylinux/archive/master.zip -O pypa--manylinux.zip
https://github.com/0xAX/git-cheat/archive/master.zip -O 0xAX--git-cheat.zip
https://github.com/kopurando/better-faster-elastic-beanstalk/archive/master.zip -O kopurando--better-faster-elastic-beanstalk.zip
https://github.com/jupyter-attic/docker-notebook/archive/master.zip -O jupyter-attic--docker-notebook.zip
https://github.com/NodeOS-Legacy/NodeOS-Docker/archive/master.zip -O NodeOS-Legacy--NodeOS-Docker.zip
https://github.com/TheNewNormal/kube-cluster-osx/archive/master.zip -O TheNewNormal--kube-cluster-osx.zip
https://github.com/fritz-smh/yi-hack/archive/master.zip -O fritz-smh--yi-hack.zip
https://github.com/nlf/dhyve-os/archive/master.zip -O nlf--dhyve-os.zip
https://github.com/xcenv/xcenv/archive/master.zip -O xcenv--xcenv.zip
https://github.com/exceedhl/toft/archive/master.zip -O exceedhl--toft.zip
https://github.com/wurstmeister/storm-docker/archive/master.zip -O wurstmeister--storm-docker.zip
https://github.com/OnePlusOSS/android/archive/master.zip -O OnePlusOSS--android.zip
https://github.com/RoelN/SansBullshitSans/archive/master.zip -O RoelN--SansBullshitSans.zip
https://github.com/richie5um/TextBar-Recipes/archive/master.zip -O richie5um--TextBar-Recipes.zip
https://github.com/StreakyCobra/gws/archive/master.zip -O StreakyCobra--gws.zip
